{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr03\min26\sec54}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr03\min26\sec54}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When we talk about gender-based violence, we remember the kind of horrendous things that girls and women endure because of who they are. These acts of GBV have entrenched in our communities and some have transformed into social norms. it is with disquiet that these globally pervasive and endemic outrages like child marriage, intimate partner violence, female genital mutilation, physical punishment sexual, emotional or psychological violence, trafficking for sex or slavery are still time immemorial befalling women and girls. We especially remember the greatest women and men in the past days and in our midst who set the bar height in the fight against gender inequality. Those who believe that only when we are equal, no one is at peace.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The 16 days of activism against gender based violence campaign has become a symbolic international annual event that rallies activists, government leaders, students, academia and the private sector around the world to demand the end of gender based violence. Falling between two important dates, i.e. 25 November-International Day of Violence Against Women ad the 10th of December International Human Rights Day, the movement attracts more participants across the globe thanks to the advent of social media which\uc0{\u160} has acted as a boon for community mobilization.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The 16 days of activism is a potent instrument in the fight against gender based violence. The movement raises awareness at local, regional, national and international levels, establishing a clear link between national and international efforts to end GBV, and it also demonstrates the solidarity of civil society entities spearheading he fight against GBV. The rise in the community mobilization, information sharing through workshops, seminar training, media, art and the influence these have on policymaking have contributed to the fruition of the 16 days of activism.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Themes, activities, strategies, messages and partnerships focusing to end gender based violence on different facettes are directly lined and employed to deliver the course of ending gender based violence. We continue to forge ahead rallying behind the banner of a noble course that was initiated to stop the abuse of people based o their gender. The high incidents have have been recorded across the globe due to Covid-19 regulations that caused families to be under lockdown has come to a ed. It is our responsibility as a people to empower women and stand in solidarity against GBV.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our position as humanity is very clear, we must rise against all odds and fight against GBV.\uc0{\u160} We stand i the gap and take the baton to confront all forms of GBV that are within ad beyond our academic confines. It is time to rise and face-head with the beat called GBV. Our voices with a clarion call must triumph in all the four corners of the earth as we shout \uc0{\u8221}No more abuses, o more excuses: A generation standing in the gap\uc0{\u8221}. The change we seek in right within our reach}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}