{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy20\hr12\min27\sec18}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy20\hr12\min27\sec18}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Being a loyal friend somehow pains in this life. I have a friend named Deborah, she has been a friend since we were in grade 5 in primary school up to date. We are now like a brother and sister. On the 31st of December 2023, she went to have alcohol with her friend, Divine at African bar. They were drinking wine the whole time. However, other friends came to the same bar and started to buy them Hunters Gold beer. Normally, it is not good to mix beer because it affects the body so fast. They drank that from 11 pm to 3 am of 1st January. They started the year in African bar.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My friend started asking her friend that they should go back home but her friend was so stubborn since she wanted more beer. They kept on drinking beer until they were not able to walk by themselves.\uc0{\u160} when my friend saw that it was very hard for her friend to accept that they should go back home, she decided to leave on her own but deep down she wanted to go back with her best since it was already late and anything bad could happen to them on their way back home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My friend Deborah went back home by herself at 3:00 a.m., things were not okay with her because she was already drunk and she was also afraid but she saw that the good way was for her to leave the bar and go home to sleep.\uc0{\u160} On her way back home, things did not go well with her. She fell almost five times and she broke her leg and also her face got injured scars.\uc0{\u160}She tried to call a motorbike as she always does when she needs help but the motorbike person did not pick up the phone. This was the time when she felt like her life was now in danger when nobody was picking up the phone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember she and I told each other that whenever we are in problems, we should just text each other a message that says 911 and we would be able to know what is going on.\uc0{\u160}Instead of texting me on my WhatsApp or the normal message she just went on and dialled 911.\uc0{\u160} This shows that she was very confused and didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what she was doing. She had a super expensive phone it was an iPhone 11 in her hands and I\uc0{\u8217}m happy that nobody stole the phone from her. The strange thing is that nobody was there to help her but she was able to reach home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Around 7:00 a.m., my instincts started telling me that I should go and check on my friend since it was a week without meeting but we just texting on the phone. Somehow my instincts also told me that I should not go to check on her but I was stubborn and listened to the instincts that were telling me to go to her place and say hi to her. When I went to her place it was a surprise to me that I found that she was injured and was also crying so much. I was so worried when I found her in that situation and I went straight to ask her what had happened to her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She told me that she was very stressed and she was angry at her friend because she was the reason why she was going through what she was going through. If her friend would accept for them to go home before 3:00 a.m. at least they would drink a few beers and they would not be the way they were in the morning. With the hangovers that she had, she asked me to buy her more beer so that she could feel good but I refused because she was not in a good condition, she looked so depressed. I decided to buy her water called one so that she can be able to drink it and be able to recover from The Hangover that she was saying.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was so disappointed in my friend because as a girl she is not supposed to go to bars and drink beer at night because anything can happen to her either raping her or beating her because of the way seemed was like somebody has attacked her and she was hiding it from me. But I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t force matters, I just listened to what she told me and I let things go so that there would be peace between us. However, I told her that if there is somebody who has attacked her, she should tell me so that I can do something for her since I am a friend and she is like a sister to me. I cannot allow anyone to attack my friend even if she is wrong and, in the condition that she was in nobody was supposed to attack her but they were supposed to protect her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I regret that I was not there for her and maybe if I had been there with her at the bar, I could not have drunk anything so that I could take her home and she would not get injured in the face and also the legs. when it reached 9:00 a.m., I hired a car to take her to the hospital so that she could be checked by the doctor. The doctor told me that the bones are okay and the doctor gave her the medicine and also, she is now doing better. I hope next year in 2025 she will not go to drink beer again and go home while she is not in a good condition. I advised her to look at the friends that she has and stop caring for the people who don\uc0{\u8217}t care for her or avoid going to drink beer at night because it is not safe to avoid a mistake repeating itself.}}\par
\sect
}