{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy14\hr15\min45\sec33}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy14\hr15\min45\sec33}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was educated under the Malawi British Cambridge education system but the experiences of Ajibu Jonas and excelling in both British Western education and Islamic Madrassa education make me stop and wonder if Western education, which I received, is all there is to education.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ajibu Jonas remembers the day when his parents asked him to start attending elementary madrassa schooling in Balaka, 70 miles from Blantyre, Malawi, contrary to the experiences of his peers who hyped Malawi\uc0{\u180}s British-Anglican system-modeled education. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At seven he began to juggle Islamic madrassa education in the morning. In the noon, he retooled his mind for the popular British-Cambridge-modeled schooling in nearby state schools. Madrassas, with no tuition fees, offered a more productive student experience unlike overcrowded Malawi English public schools with a ratio of 1 teacher to 130 students. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Later, Ajibu had a double triumph. He excelled so much in Malawi-British-model schooling and Islamic madrassa education that in 2012 he was offered a scholarship to study economics in Khartoum, Sudan. He accepted because, in Malawi\uc0{\u180}s English-leaning universities, fees are so expensive that for 10 000 students who qualify only 2000 can afford them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Landing in Arab Sudan from former British protectorate Malawi, he had an agonizing experience at first. His grasp of Arabic was substandard. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, I studied in madrassa here in Malawi, but my Arabic was below par. The reason is in Malawi, in the evening I would return home to family and friends who could not speak Arabic, and switch to Chewa and English,\uc0{\u8221} the now 31-year-old tells me.\uc0{\u160} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ajibu is sensitive to the conflicted history of public Islam in once British-protected Malawi but is nevertheless proud of the Islamic madrassa schooling he received. \uc0{\u8220}I credit it for giving me the fortune of education and income,\uc0{\u8221} he tells me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Arabic Islam has an uneasy history in Malawi which went on to become British Central Africa. Gulf Arab and Swahili traders began to land in eastern and northern Malawi in the 15th century exchanging gold and ivory; spreading Islam, and later picking Black slaves. The re-emergence of Muslim pride in Malawi in the 80s led to hostility among sectors of the predominantly Christian population. The then-Christian government of autocrat Kamuzu Banda responded by banning travel to Islamic countries he feared could export revolution to Malawi. He cut off diplomatic relations with Muslim Dubai, Libya, Kuwait, and Malaysia too. Islamic districts of Malawi have high illiteracy levels. Some commentators claim this is due shunning of British Western education by some Muslims in favor of madrassa education. Hence madrassas in certain parts of Malawi are viewed unfavorably. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Bakili Chipoya from Malawi is another example, of a growing number of youth embracing madrasas opportunities ahead of legacy British Anglican education.\uc0{\u160} He is studying Islamic Law (Shariah) at the Islamic University of Madina in Saudi Arabia.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On completing a British-style education in Malawi, he was however connected with the Islamic Zakat Fund, a charitable arm assisting deserving needy students. Chipoya says upon graduating from Saudi Arabia, he is keen to serve secular and Muslim Malawians in courts by dabbling in both secular English Common law and Sharia; navigating the two worlds that have shaped post-colonial Malawi. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He dismisses what he calls propaganda which claims madrasas centers are used to groom religious radicals. \uc0{\u8220}This is not true. They are purely academic institutions like Oxford minus Arabic as a teaching language,\uc0{\u8221} Bakili tells me. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Talking to these two Malawians I\uc0{\u8217}m left deconstructing the Western education I had. I ask myself, is the European history of World War I learned in school all there is to \uc0{\u8216}history\uc0{\u8217}; is Western Mathematics stolen from Egyptian \uc0{\u8216}algebra\uc0{\u8217}; is the Western Geography education I studied, reciting stuff like the Yellowstone National Park in the US, a ploy to make sure I don\uc0{\u8217}t notice the fine geography of Malawi\uc0{\u8217}s fine tea and coffee farms that the British annexed at the start of the century?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Listening to the stories of these two gentlemen, I am no longer sure that what I call \uc0{\u8216}Western education\uc0{\u8217} was a colonial project to shape the African in me to be who I am today.}}\par
\sect
}