{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy31\hr10\min33\sec59}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy31\hr10\min33\sec59}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 7 hours with my soulmate}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Like a daisy closing its petals protecting its heart from the cold of the night,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Waiting for the morning rays of sunshine to unleash its beauty,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As it slowly pours out the beautiful scent of its love to nature surrounding,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So was the feeling I had as I walked down the path to meeting you,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The weather has its seasons, winter had got me locked in hibernation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everyone around me had since lost their colour,blown away by the autumn winds}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had long waited for my ray of sunshine, one that had been promised to be by my desires}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Oblivious to when that would happen, I stumbled upon you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Like the sun rising from the eastern hill, your light embraced my petals,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Claiming the darkness that had possessed my heart and soul}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The warm cuddling the frost melting it down to water my roots,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With birds chirping, for the first time in a while, I noticed my surroundings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I opened my petals to you}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Full blown without reservation as your sincerity shone through me}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Your safety warming up my insecurities}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And the beauty of my colors blended well with you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s like your seat was already reserved beside me,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Oh my! Where had you been all this while?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Your smile was captivating, I could wish to live in such a trance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I felt no wall between us, the gate to exploration welcomed us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I became phototropic to your rays of light}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The conversations in the dim light cultivated me}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Your assurances complemented my life path}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And with you, 7 hours felt like eternity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Can I be to you, what you are to me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Providing a hub for your light to keep on glowing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Being the safe space as you fully realize your worth.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And like Swans, our souls will mate for life.}}\par
\sect
}