{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy23\hr11\min16\sec04}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy23\hr11\min16\sec04}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 One day as I was just resting at home with my kids since it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t a working day on Sunday, the weather was hot outside and the whole room was heating up like an oven. The temperature was too hot and my son and daughter were just dressed in a vest because of the heat. I looked at them and I asked myself, where have I gone wrong in life that I ended up being a single mother? This feeling of being abandoned was eating up and I couldn't figure out why? But when you move into the community, it's like a routine for girls and women to be single moms, was it destined for people in the camp or what? I asked myself these questions but I had no answers. I was accustomed to see a lot of women raising their own children even my mum did but why now be in the same scenario?I decided I needed to stand up and do something that could help change the life of these women and their children. Somebody had to get full information of what was happening. I knew many girls who had completed high school and were already raising children on their own only from the support of their own family members and the fathers of these kids had disappeared.I chose three people who were able to share with me their own stories and how they ended up with kids without their father. Here are stories that each woman shared and how they ended up being single mothers: 	Susan is a Ugandan refugee here in Kakuma. She came when she was single and after staying in the camp for two years, she fell in love with a South Sudan\uc0{\u8217}s man from the Nuer tribe. Their marriage was not legalized in court but they had moved in together and after a period of six months, she became pregnant with a son. For those months that they had stayed together, the man was violent to her because he was a drunkard. He always abused her after giving birth. He beat her until she was hospitalized. After she was discharged from the hospital, she moved out of the home and got her own place to stay. The man threatened to burn her and kill her if she didn\uc0{\u8217}t agree to go back to him. She had made a lot of complaints to the police and they had all the records of the abuses.The man was arrested because of the threats and when he was released from jail, he went back to South Sudan. After a period of 4 years. She was called for a resettlement interview and they asked her where the father of her child is. She explained the whole scenario but at the end they told her the father of the child must come to sign and give her custody. She asked where she would be able to find the man but they told her to come back to the office with him. The group that she did the interview with have already been given third countries. She was asked to call the man whom she even has no contact with. When she was narrating the story to me, I felt the pain that she was feeling because I am also a woman and also a victim of cumstance. The Deceit that we women undergo just to find love has caused more harm than good, especially here in refugee camps where men are not accountable for any crime or responsibilities.\uc0{\u160}After listening to her story, I realized how complicated these issues are and how hard women can overcome these challenges since we all know that the refugee camp, especially in Kakuma refugee camp, consists of many different nationalities and those who don\uc0{\u8217}t know should know this.\uc0{\u160} Many women or men migrate, some with their parents and some without. In this same situation, many due to plights that they face in the camp, they end up into traps that have made them make very bad decision and they regret.Marriage in the camp is something that rarely happens and a few have gotten the opportunity for true love and marriage.\uc0{\u160} When we count the number of single women/girls in the camp, there are so many.\uc0{\u160} In every community that you will go to or in every Nationality that you go to in the camp, you will find 90% of these single women struggling with kids.Any woman or a girl who has reached a marriageable age believes that one day they can find a partner or a husband to marry them. They are always open to relationships but at the end of the day, things turn upside down. In my own community and in my own family, we have never gotten a chance to find true love. We have children in the camp who don\uc0{\u8217}t know their fathers because there is a system in the camp whereby after declaring their love and being accepted, they end up having sex which leads most of the time to pregnancy.Remember women and girls are so delicate and I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how God created us. The moment a man says they love us, we think the whole world is ours. These girls sometimes come to the camp without parents, some have grown up here and their parents are dead. They grow up struggling and lacking a lot of things which leads them into a lot of temptation like giving sexual favors to men. Families have stayed for more than 15-20 years in this same place. Children who came young are now adults and their sexual desires are very active and some would wish to one day find love and have families.\uc0{\u160} 	Kashindi is a Congolese mother of eight children. When her husband was killed in Congo, she migrated to Kakuma refugee camp in 2005. She came with 4 children from her first marriage. She was a single mum who only depended on the food that is given to refugees and she was not involved in any business or source of employment which could help her earn some money.\uc0{\u160}She said her life was so tough and that she wasn\uc0{\u8217}t able to even provide some basic needs for her own children and when she always looked at the, she knew life should not continue like that.\uc0{\u160} One day after a period of six months staying in the camp during the distribution day. She met with this man called Mulonda who is also from Congo but was still single. They changed words and they came to know each other. This man was working at the distribution center and thus their relationship was built since then.\uc0{\u160}She told me things happened so first that she can\uc0{\u8217}t even tell how everything turned up in this drastic incident. What she remembers is that the man started supporting her financial and whenever she needed anything or her kids needed support, this man stood by her all time.\uc0{\u160}Their relationship continued on well and they had no any issues. She found herself falling in love with this man since she saw and felt that this man could truly care for him and her kids.\uc0{\u160} It happened for a year and eventually she started having sexual relationship with him knowing that she had found the right man for herself who will be supporting her and her kids.\uc0{\u160}The man moved into her house since she had a big and enough space to accommodate both him and her kids. She said they stayed together for two month then she realized she was pregnant. When she went for pregnant test, it turned positive. She was so excited knowing that it will also be a good news to the ears of Mulonda. As soon as she reached at home, she prepared herself to give Mulonda good news.\uc0{\u160}She said that day mulonda was home because he only goes to work when there is food distribution but the month had not yet ended yet for the distribution to be there so he was resting at home. She started smiling to herself and Mulonda asked why she was so happy. She told him that she had good news and she wanted to share it with him. She was given the attention and thus she began telling him about the good news. She said immediately she had finished to mention that she was pregnant, Mulonda stood up from where he was sitting and went straight into the house.She said since that day she mentioned she was pregnant, he changed and became somebody else. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what happened and why he had changed. From since then, she said things never went back to normal. He spoke less, involved less and even didn\uc0{\u8217}t touch her or had sex with her again.\uc0{\u160} He always said he was not feeling well. This went on like this until she was six months pregnant.\uc0{\u160}She said one morning when she had gone to visit the clinic for antenatal care, she came back home and the kids told her that father as left since they called him father. She said of cause he is going to be back but the kids told her that he went with all his luggage and he took all his things with him.\uc0{\u160}I am trying to give a picture of how it all ends up in vain. Majority of boys or men that you find in the camp, have no families.\uc0{\u160} The same men or boys end up declaring their love to these women or girls who are sometimes desperate or even who have reached a marriageable age. Every woman knows that when a man says he loves you, then he might be serious and this is where the problem comes from.From a woman\uc0{\u8217}s perspective when a man declares their love to us, especially here in the camp. We know that they are going to help us overcome so many things. Due to many problems that we face in the camp, getting someone to care and love you is what every single girl or woman in the camp admires but things are very different.In my family we are three girls who have given birth at home and our own children don\uc0{\u8217}t even know who their dad is or what their dad looks like. We have women who came in the camp while they were once married and their husband died and they migrated to the camp with their kids. They are still single mums but very young at age and also looks. They also need to be loved once again.This is the point whereby when a man comes and says that they love them, they are ready\uc0{\u160}and open for relationships but after getting involved sexually, in that time, they get pregnant and when a man knows that this woman is pregnant, they run away from the camp leaving them single. Sometimes they stay but deny the pregnancy.This issue has become a very big issue to girls and women in the camp and it has also caused and made many women and many families with girls who gave birth to children without fathers. When they go for an interview with the UNHCR, they are asked to bring the father of these kids and yet some run away. Some refused the pregnancy.Many families are stuck here in the camp because of these issues of single parents to provide the fathers for their kids. Where do you think a woman or a girl whose boyfriend ran away can bring them from? These men or boyfriend, remember here in the camp it\uc0{\u8217}s come we stay married. Some girls are impregnated in their homes and when a man just gets to know that the girl is pregnant they run away.Refugees are humans and their bodies are sexually active like any other person in this world but due to some unplanned situation, they end up in this situation where they are not married but they have kids.Look at this scenario, a 16 year girl was impregnated and the man ran away. She has given birth and maybe gone back to school after the child is 1 year old. She is approached again by another man and he promises to marry her and care for her. This man starts buying things that this girl lacks and needs in her life. Do you think she is going to believe this man or not?Believe me when I tell you that she is going to accept. This is a girl whose family cannot afford anything. Her own child demands things that she can\uc0{\u8217}t provide. And here is the man who has come and is promising heaven and earth.In the camp that we are in, we don\uc0{\u8217}t have hope for tomorrow and thus many think the camp is the end of everything. People have lost hope of leaving this place and the only thing that any girl looks like is to find at least a man who can love and care about them. People have been born in the camp and grown up here and thus their whole life circles in the camp.We have girls/ women who have more than 5 children and each child has his/her own father. Five children, five fathers.\uc0{\u160} Do you think they like this? I pity myself and other female refugees in the camp who are victims of this situation and some who are still to come because this is the routine in the camp. Only a few single women/ girls get a chance to get married.These children and women are innocent. They don\uc0{\u8217}t have any power to force a man to father a child or to be a husband. When UNHCR denies a single parent of being resettled just because they are unable to bring the father of the children to their offices, then we all need to think twice and put ourselves in these people\uc0{\u8217}s shoesIf they had a law that arrests these men for being responsible for their kids or responsible for these women, they should have blamed these women for not staying with these men. But imagine the man ran back to their country. You only maybe knew one of his names. You don\uc0{\u8217}t know anything about him or even his family. Sometimes we just know this man is from Congo but from which part of Congo? The moment the man has run away, they no longer use the same phone number. Now if you ask me to bring the man who ran away in order for you to give me help, then it\uc0{\u8217}s like you have just decided to kill that mother and the child.Where is the world going? The people who are meant to help us in these refugee camps are the ones that are burying us alive. It\uc0{\u8217}s high time that these officers stand for reality in life and not to compare their prosperity to the people who are less privileged. These officers are earning money, staying in their own country, some are married and successful. So that moment they start to think that every woman has to be like them, then this is where they are making problems.Single mothers and their children are stuck in this camp because of some selfish officers. Single women are suffering so much in the camp and the majority are the ones that have more than 10 years here in the camp.It\uc0{\u8217}s high time that we should stand for human rights and not only talk about it but we should take action. These are very innocent children for their lives to just end up here in the camp because of what they never bargained for.These men are now married to other people and they are living their lives but now we are making these women and children suffer because of such people. Let\uc0{\u8217}s stand together to make a difference.Single women and their children\uc0{\u8217}s lives matter. Some of these children are from the Kenyan police officers. Some are from the NGOs officers. And some are from the Host community. Not only refugees are impregnating refugees but also these Kenyans and the moment they realize that they have impregnated them, they are transferred to other locations leaving these women alone with kids.UNHCR should put into consideration these specific cases for single mothers that as long as there is no man who could complain for the child then the mother has all the rights to have the child under her custody with no questioning. The mother can also be given an opportunity to meet with the judge in the court so that if no one claims the children, then the mother should be given an authorization letter to keep the child under her custody. Child protection office should follow up on these issues to ensure that the child and the mother get their rightful potion and right even in absence of fathers.}\par
\sect
}