{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy20\hr11\min50\sec10}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy20\hr11\min50\sec10}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A BLURRED HOPE}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The means of survival in a refugee camp is fiercer than in a normal social setting. People strive restlessly to pursue a less stressing life. Everyone including myself is fighting hard to redeem his or her life. As one of the refugee dwellers, I\uc0{\u8217}ve been exploring my opportunities and choices to redeem myself from the stateless being as a refugee in seeking a valid settlement thus a new home and nationality.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Reflecting back in the days when I was brainstorming on how to survive in a refugee camp. Life was tough and I had to explore my surviving choices and available opportunities within the camp. During this time the only opportunity I had to change my life was through school. Schooling came along with other opportunities to get resettled. But overall the camp had two major opportunities for refugees to stand a chance for their lives to improve. Resettlement to European countries, Australia, Canada and to the US looked very promising until I came to realize that it was nearly impossible. This opportunity was sort of discriminatory based on the nationalities. I and other Rwandese had very minimal percentages on the resettlement pie. Only one nationality had the biggest favour which was unseemly to me and to the other nationalities. It was very hard for me to penetrate the opportunity to the get the chance of being resettled to other countries.\uc0{\u160} This seemed very hard for me because the opportunity was lying on Congolese and I was from Rwanda. Rwandans had 00.1 percent of being resettled to other countries. Resettlement opportunity looked promising but was very slow and biased to reach the mass people.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This distribution opportunity via resettlement seemed difficult for me to reach my goal of having a new and better home. Despite being steeped on for this, the camp presented another huge opportunity for me to embrace my dream. Young people like me particularly students were sponsored by World Services of Canada (WUSC) to live and study in Canada after their secondary education. I pictured this as a big chance for me to advance my education and acquire a new home. This opportunity was very promising because I had watched and witnessed many students successfully going to live and study in Canada. This gave me hope and strength to pursue my dream through school. I worked very hard to obtain the required credits for me to get the sponsorship like the others. I could sacrifice what I liked just to study hard day and night just to make it for the WUSC sponsorship.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I passed my secondary school final exams and became eligible to apply for WUSC. My hopes were very high as I became too optimistic to possess this opportunity. I later came to notice that I was too excited for the opportunity without knowing how hard it was for me to get it. It wasn\uc0{\u8217}t a direct seize, I had to compete with other eligible students. The competition was very high because spaces were very few compared to the number of students. I could compete with 200 plus students over 20 or less spaces for the sponsorship. Among the students most of them had tried for some time with no avail and had to try more several times. From there, my hopes started dropping like leaves from the dry tree. Despite this feeling I still had the wavering hopes to make it, but things didn\uc0{\u8217}t work for me the way I envisioned it. I pursued this opportunity for several years until my age run out for the WUSC age criteria. This opportunity became impossible for me to grasp. I then realized that I had to crave opportunities that are more promising and possible to attain.}}\par
\sect
}