{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy06\hr01\min30\sec40}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy06\hr01\min30\sec40}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was the year my brother\uc0{\u8217}s son was abducted, it was the year my uncle\uc0{\u8217}s son died of malaria and it was the year we lost many of our cattle to a debilitating malady. It was a difficult year we grief in anger and a year we greatly blamed God.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At the horizon outline of our home, everything that happened to us was god\uc0{\u8217}s plan. Our gods were our ancestors, totems, and monuments. If they get annoyed they allow famine and poverty to come to sit over our land. They allow diseases or let people die in the war or get missing. For a misdemeanor, they let us bump into stones and our toes bleed, make us lost in a neighborhood, cut our finger with a knife, and any little incident that causes pain is of their orders.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In November 2010, Majuai was abducted; aborted after birth from a land of his own by a total stranger, many strangers perhaps who live in a distant land and leave to travel that long to get hold of other people\uc0{\u8217}s children as if they can\uc0{\u8217}t be born and raise their own.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Majuai and his cousins went for errands in the surrounding bushes. It is their business as usual to go all about collecting gum from acacia trees and looking for unripe tamarind fruits. The bush is thick but they don\uc0{\u8217}t fear, it is the land they know. They know by the familiar look of people, of any trees, by the smell of dry soil and, by the taste of fruits and wild vegetables they collect from the bush.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Both, Majuai\uc0{\u8217}s maternal uncle came the month before to ask for him so that he can go stay with his grandmother and be the eye as well for the cousins. I protested this decision, I don\uc0{\u8217}t need him to go, I am his father, I told them. I opposed the move with an authoritative voice but a Child\uc0{\u8217}s protestations in the face of an adult are like a smothering fire that gives way to impotent ash, so soft and harmless.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I pleaded not to let Majuai go, I tried convincing my father and my mother; his grandparents. I talked to my brother and my sister-in-law; his parent but they conspired against my plea, against my right to deny my child slip off my hand. They need him to go and look after the young kids and be a child to his grandmother who lost all her children to adulthood with her last born being Majuai\uc0{\u8217}s mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was thirteen in the winter when Majuai was born. I was called a father. Culturally, a child that is born by your brother or a sister is yours and I was a father in my teen. A child fathering or mothering a child is not unfamiliar. We had many and I was happy to be a father or I may soon be a real father for the idea of a hypothetical father come to put sense in your mind that you will soon sire children of your own.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Majuai was taken and carried away by his uncle who refused to obey the demand of his father. In characters I was so different from Majuai, I was a child full of mischief and drama. There were countless stories told of me and many names dumped on me because of my behavior and my action.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The year I was crawling, I can wreck anything in my reach. I can uncover anything covered within our house and unearth to examine all that looked unaccustomed to me. They named me Mamuot, who dig out the unknown. At the time I gather, I gathered a step and moved can stager to any unattended boiling pot, uplifted the lid and plug a stone, scooped sand into it or simply put a piece of cloth if my temperament was cool. They named me Wurnyang, recalling the time of turmoil I was born in as if I was making the chaotic moment to live longer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Majuai was none of all these, he was quite quiet and genuinely generous and good. I look after him like a son and a litter brother. Had I not graduated from my old school of wrongdoings, Majuai would then be all me and his uncle would find it hard to go away with him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Murle community is notoriously known as human traffickers and cattle raiders. They are a small community situated on a large chunk of land in South Sudan\uc0{\u8217}s Jonglei state. They inhabited the then Pibor County, the current Greater Pibor. While they are on a chess board on cattle raiding with the neighboring section of Nuer, Dinka, and Anyuak, the Murle combine cattle raiding with human abduction as if to fill that vast of arable land in the South East of the country.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One advantage of Ayod District, the Gawaar land is always hard to Penetrate, this is due to its opaque bushes, as thick as tuff of hair. These bushes and available water all year round are a huge disadvantage for the community too after the bandits learn to navigate it. Abductors and cattle raiders would stick along for many months without any trace till they disappear with children or cattle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When we were growing as little children, the stories of Murle warriors stuck in our minds. We were told that Murle men on hideout can survive on eating soil until they get what they were looking for and that they can stand on their heads down while leaning their legs against the trees to camouflage with trees and also for a perfect shadow.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Murle don\uc0{\u8217}t take people to make them slaves but they abduct them to have their population increase and to train them as warriors who will later come and raid the place they know so well and would still go back to Murle land.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a story told of a child, one of those children trained to be safe in the bush. He mastered all the tricksters of Murle warriors. This child was caught in a deep bush herding cattle. After he saw himself surrounded by people coming in deliberate steps, he made the stick he was holding in a blind person fashion welding it as if he was struggling to find his way. He rolled his eyes up and turn them white like the snow of daybreak.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The gunmen seized him but they found out that he looked so strange, they had a discussion about whether he is really blind or he fake it and whether they can take him or leave him. One examine his eyes and pulled them down but in a split second, he rolled them up again. In hurry, they agreed to take him and chase a few cows.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As they were running, they didn\uc0{\u8217}t mind blindfolding the blind child and then he learn and mastered the path and their village on the way and then disappeared the next day after they arrived}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Majuai disappeared in the winter he was born 8 years ago. My sister brought me the indescribable news when I was studying in the district\uc0{\u8217}s capital. I was dumbfounded, unable to speak but tears cascaded down my cheeks. I lost my son, I lost the boy I raised, and it was because of him that I was called a father.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In our culture, a man is not expected to cry, this is an insult to the six mark which lay parallel across one\uc0{\u8217}s forehead. That day, I cried, I cried like I have nothing on my forehead. I learned that grief is a sad emotion that overwhelms one and makes one forgets everything for a moment. I was like a device that froze, reboot itself, and come to life again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember Majuai for so many things and one extraordinary scene was when I was about to be initiated into manhood. We were three boys looking for}{\cf0\f0\i  a gaar}{\cf0\f0  or the one who cut six parallel marks on the forehead with a sharp blade. We got the man who ordered us to go and excavate a loam soil and mold it to a circular shape till it becomes soft. We did as he guided us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Early in the morning at the cockcrow, we immersed ourselves in cold winter weather with our pillows of soil in our hands. The middle man is known for making boys men appear tall with no smile on his face. His solemn face made us think that his heart is not shaken by a spill or a strain of blood in his hands.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was the first to lie down because it has to be started with me since the other two were my cousins and again am a father in that case. I set down with my face facing the sky and my head and legs straightly pointing to the north and South respectively. It was as though I was the compass that spin the globe through its horizontal longitudes. I folded my hands and crossed them tightly on my chest.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The man started with the first line. He dived the blade at the center of my forehead and cut the flesh open moving the blade toward the right side of my ear. The first operation made me writhe. Writhing during the initiation is a sign of cowardice and it can lead the way to cry. Majuai encouraged me that I am his father and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t cry. His word fortified me and I faced my way to being a man with resolute. It was not long before the intuition was over when the last of us cried, and from that point, he ceased to be a man.}}\par
\sect
}