{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy23\hr14\min01\sec01}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy23\hr14\min01\sec01}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The cut was deep and wide. He was bleeding severely, slouched on the cold ground, his back against the wooden wall of an abandoned house in the dark alleyway. With every breath, he could feel his life slipping away. It had all happened so fast. He was walking down the alleyway for a \uc0{\u8220}visit\uc0{\u8221}. The merchant had promised to deliver. It was never what he really wanted but one had to make do with what was provided in this strange country. It wasn\uc0{\u8217}t much to his taste. He had tried it before and it had felt \uc0{\u8230} different. Admittedly different, there was no struggle, no defiance, only utter and silent submission. That was not how it was supposed to be. He was supposed to be the molder and the other to be molded. The pleasure of the molding lies in the resistance of the object, like a sculptor chiseling away the rough edges of a slab of stone. The stone resists and defies and fights back and that makes the shaping of it all the more satisfying once it is accomplished. These ones he was offered in this savage land were all meek and fragile. They would submit and bend easily. He took no pride in his work with them. His heart was simply not in it but he had no other choice. It was the urge he could not suppress any longer. The urge to mold and shape, to bring the object to absolution, to absolute perfection.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He was swimming in his thoughts when he suddenly saw the man. A silhouette of a tall lean man. It took him a while to recognize the man. It was the Dragoon captain from the settlement. Seeing a familiar face from the settlement would normally make him feel reassured (who knew what danger might befall one of the Lord\uc0{\u8217}s children in this land of infidels?), but his heart skipped a beat when he saw his face up close. Those dead eyes staring down at him always gave him the fear but now it was the chill of death. In an instant he knew his end was near, death had come for him on this night. No words were said, not a single word uttered between them. The Dragoon simply grabbed his shoulder and pulled him in with such force that it took his breath away. Then he felt a sudden shooting pain in his abdomen as a sharp object forced itself inside his body. It was agony and ecstasy both at the same time. Part of him wanted to scream for help but another part of him wanted to scream for him to stab him again and again. Such pain, such bliss it was. But the Dragoon didn\uc0{\u8217}t stop. The dagger still in, he twisted it with his strong hand and then made a horizontal cut across his abdomen. He went blind from the pain, his breath left his lungs and he began to smile with tears in his eyes. Such bliss. He felt his body crumble on the dirt with a sigh of relief (or was it pleasure?) The Dragoon stared down at him saying nothing for a long while. He then took down his pantaloons and urinated on him. He urinated on the gaping bleeding cut in his abdomen mixing his urine with his blood. It was warm, warm like his own blood was, trickling down into his abdomen. He drew him even closer as if to kiss him but he only looked into his eyes with his dead blue eyes. Then he pushed him roughly to the ground, strolling away from him down the alleyway into darkness. He laid there, his hand on his abdomen trying to hold the blood but no avail.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Was this the Lord\uc0{\u8217}s plan for his life? To die in this bizarre land of strange people with their strange customs and traditions, far away from his beloved church, his beloved flock and his beloved boys? His boys. What were they all doing now? Some must have grown up to manhood by now but others, Michael and Peter, were still young. So utterly beautiful, so innocent, so soft and \uc0{\u8230} tender. So soft and tender \uc0{\u8230} to the touch. To his touch. To his touch only. They were just his to touch and no one else\uc0{\u8217}s. They were his to educate, to mentor, to shape and how can you shape something without touching it? The thought of them being touched by another, Father Angelo in particular, caused him ire, It always did. Father Angelo had his own choir boys, his own scribes, young men, which he actually preferred to young boys anyway. But he had seen him talking to his boys. His boys were the illustrators, their bodies were as beautiful as the illustrations in the Holy Book, their souls as innocent as the Virgin Mary herself. Angelo had no business speaking to them, he was in charge of the illustrations, not Angelo. The more he pictured them with him the harder his body clenched and the more blood he began to lose.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He closed eyes and tried to remember their faces, their beautiful faces with those big eyes, looking up to him on their knees, his hand on their heads. How utterly beautiful they were. Michael with his blue eyes and the voice of an angel. He\uc0{\u8217}d had many boys before Miachael but he held a special place in his heart. Michael with his blue eyes and soft lips and tender body. How he would give his soul to hold him one more time, one last time. But he had no soul to give. That\uc0{\u8217}s what the abbot had told him after chastising him the last time. \uc0{\u8220}You have no soul left brother Pedro! That was your last chance! The boy, what\uc0{\u8217}s his name? Tino. He\uc0{\u8217}s been bleeding from his rectum for two days. Why must you be so harsh?\uc0{\u8221} Harsh? He hadn\uc0{\u8217}t been harsh with Tino. Tino had been harsh with him, with the Lord, rejecting his touch, his love. Defying and struggling was one thing, it leads to satisfaction. But the boy had outright turned him down. Had bitten him too. Had threatened to bite him more viciously. \uc0{\u8220}A soft caress or a kiss I can overlook. Whatever Angelo is doing I can look the other way. His boys seem to be willing to indulge him. But this! You have gone too far! You have broken him. You have succumbed to your urge. The unnatural urge that is not to be mistaken with the loving touch some of you have for these younglings. This is a vice and this is your undoing.\uc0{\u8221} What did the abbot know of vice and virtue? He, who had sinned a thousand times with the whores from the village, was lecturing him on vice. What did he know of the Holy Mission? Of the burden that the Lord had bestowed upon him, the burden that he had inherited from his own mentor, Father William. He remembered how that man had molded him into shape with his cruel touch. Later in his life, he had discovered and kept telling himself that the cruel touch was necessary. To bend them, you need to break them first. And each young boy would break in a certain way. Some needed tenderness and some cruelty, all in the light of the Lord and all for the light of the Lord.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He felt a part of intestines falling out of his abdomen. He was losing blood by the moment, starting to feel delirious with each pulse. His breathing began to slow and he felt the veil lifting slightly, revealing the \uc0{\u8220}truth\uc0{\u8221}, his truth.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Hehehehehehe \uc0{\u8230} \uc0{\u8220} He heard himself laughing, quite bemused by what he had discovered about himself having really believed in all these years. Why hide it now that the end was nigh? Why deprive himself of the obscenity of his truth now that he was about to meet the \uc0{\u8220}Lord\uc0{\u8221}? He could tell the Lord himself when they met but he needed to word it out loud for his own sake at least one time before he met the Lord.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Virgin \uc0{\u8230} Mary\uc0{\u8230} Hehehehe \uc0{\u8230} What a crock of horseshite!\uc0{\u8221} he blasphemed out loud for the first time in his entire life. \uc0{\u8220}Impregnated by the Holy Spirit! \uc0{\u8230} Hahahahahah!\uc0{\u8221} He felt his intestines slip further out of him as he laughed wholeheartedly for a long time. \uc0{\u8220}The Holy Mother of God! Hahahaha! Nothing but a common whore who couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help keep her legs open for any man but her own cuckolded husband! Hahahahaha!\uc0{\u8221} How sweet it felt, the relief of wording out the absolute truth after 50 years of \uc0{\u8220}believing\uc0{\u8221}. What bliss was this to be finally free.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Hahahahahahah \uc0{\u8230} !!!\uc0{\u8221} he laughed some more at the absurdity of it all. The veil was lifting and the show was attracting an audience.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He had first heard them barking and howling in the distance but that was before he saw the Dragoon. They had come closer, perhaps drawn in by the smell of the pool of blood that he was sitting in. He heard them stepping closer to him with caution, half maddened by the smell of his blood and half cautious. He saw their shadows creeping about, sniffing the ground and the trail of blood that led to him. They were hungry, so very voraciously hungry and he was their glorious feast. He heard the first low growl as he tried to shift his body\uc0{\u8217}s composure. Moving was difficult and painful. Getting up was impossible. He exhaled with agony as the first dog, the biggest of the pack, drew closer sniffing the ground cautiously. The others arrived shortly, surrounding him in a half circle, some salivating, some sniffing the bloodied air and some growling. Delirium got hold of him again and he smiled at them and lifted his hands wide open, welcoming them. For he could see their faces. They had faces of young boys. His young boys; Michael, Peter, Silvio, Raphael, Dino, Salvatore. All of his beautiful novices were here with him. They had come to join him, to meet the Lord together and bask in his glorious light together, naked as the day they were born, all together. The thought warmed him, or perhaps it was the light of the Lord that was warming him. He opened his arms even wider to invite them to his embrace, his beautiful boys.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Come to me, my beauties! Come. Do not be shy.\uc0{\u8221} he said with a wide smile, blood dripping from his teeth and mouth. \uc0{\u8220}Ah you have finally come to find me. I love you all so dearly. I adore you each and every one! I have missed you so.\uc0{\u8221} tears started to trickle down from his eyes onto his cheeks. He was truly happy.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They stepped closer to him, less cautious than moments before, sniffing the air and baring their teeth, ready to pounce and tear. \uc0{\u8220}Oh Michael! Come to me Micahel! Come and touch me, I will die if you do not.\uc0{\u8221} his voice was breaking as he rasped the words every now and then. The leader of the pack, Micahel, was the first to approach. Michael took a bite of a chunk of his outward intestines and yanked violently, his head shaking with brute force. Agony and ecstasy hit him with such severity that he went blind. He wailed and gargled blood, his voice rasping and breaking like the sound of an infant crying. \uc0{\u8220}Oh Michael! Thank you, Michael! That was divine!\uc0{\u8221} All the veil had lifted now and he was his true self for the first time. The others, encouraged by Michael, approached him now. Dino bit his welcoming right hand and shook, severing two of his fingers, he didn\uc0{\u8217}t realize which fingers and it didn\uc0{\u8217}t matter. Peter pounced at him and dug deep within his abdomen burying his head inside of the warmth of his insides and yanked out a big chunk of his intestines, his entire head covered in his blood. He felt no pain this time. It was all pleasure to him now. His boys were partaking in his flesh, as he always desired them to do, kissing him, touching him, caressing him all over again and again.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Come my beauties! Partake in my flesh! Come! We are to meet the Lord and receive ABSOLUTION!\uc0{\u8221} he screamed as his lungs were bursting.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}AND WE SHALL ALL\uc0{\u160} FORNICATE IN THE WARMTH OF HIS FLAMES FOR ETERNITY!!!!!!!!!!!\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Michael jumped on him and went for his neck. His fangs clutched at his throat and pulled out parts of larynx in a gore of blood and flesh. Pedro kept speaking but only air and blood came out to form words of his desires and love.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The dogs proceeded to eat him alive as he laughed and screamed and cried in air and blood.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {}\par
\sect
}