{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy19\hr20\min52\sec31}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy19\hr20\min52\sec31}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 It was said that once, there was a cat and mouse. I am sure I was not there neither you. But it happened as I heard. It is said that on a certain Sunday a mouse left its dwelling place to a near by church in order to go and praise the maker. Slowly, it entered in the church and took a seat. Its chest was small for it to make a sign of the cross,but it eventually made it. \uc0{\u8221} In the name of the father,the son and the holy spirit, Amen!,\uc0{\u8221} The mouse prayed.\uc0{\u160}As it opened the eyes, there was already a cat by its side. Eeh! The mouse was scared but it came to its senses and advised the cat,\uc0{\u8221} Please don\uc0{\u8217}t start your misbehavior at this place for this is a holy place!\uc0{\u8221} The mouse was afraid it knew the cat will kill it right away in the church.The cat replied,\uc0{\u8221} my friend you are wrong, haven\uc0{\u8217}t you ever seen that the body of Christ is always taken at this place? They don\uc0{\u8217}t tell believers to go out side so that they can eat up Christ\uc0{\u8217}s body there! Therefore, I will also enjoy you right now, right here!\uc0{\u8221} As the mouse tried to run away from the cat, the cat jumped at it and ate it up.Very sad! But also amusing!\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}\par
\sect
}