{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy05\hr23\min26\sec25}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy05\hr23\min26\sec25}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My wife, our five-year-old daughter and I lived in a small two-room house. The economic situation got worse, the money I received as a warden in Makule primary school was no longer enough to manage the basic needs of the family, especially food. I thought a lot about what to do and came up with an idea. I knew my wife, Belise dropped out of school when she was in the third form, but had always been skilled at hairstyling and had been earning money from it since she was a young girl in her family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 So, I enrolled her in an afternoon cosmetology and beauty school. She attended the course from June to December, completing the six-month program. Afterward, she began her hair dressing training at Mama Kimbo\uc0{\u8217}s saloon. Everyone appreciated her work and she had many customers. Even when she took a holiday, some customers would visit our home to seek her services. They loved the way she professionally straightens hair without causing any discomfort.Life became enjoyable when my wife started to earn a lot of money. With her increased income, we were able to manage our daily budget more comfortably. She used some of that money to buy a television, armchairs, and pay for our daughter Melisa\uc0{\u8217}s school fees. However, my wife\uc0{\u8217}s work schedule was very tight. She had to be at work from 8:00 am to 7:00 pm, and if she was even a few minutes late in the morning, her boss would send her back home. To ensure that she kept her job, she started leaving early, before 8:00 am.most of the time she would leave the house in a bit of a rush, leaving behind displaced dishes, an unclean floor, and occasionally with a lack of water.In contrast, my work schedule was flexible. I would leave home for work at 6:00 a.m. and finish at 11:30 a.m. That gave me the opportunity to pick up our daughter from school at 11:45 am and take care of her like her mother would. When I got home, I started by fetching water if there is none in the house. If water was available, I would immediately start cleaning the dishes, sweeping and mopping the floor. After that, I would light the fire and prepare our meals.One day, as Melisa returned from the toilet, she asked me to clean and dress her. However, I was occupied with cleaning the dishes and pots. Holding her uniform skirt in her hand, she looked at me and said, \uc0{\u8221}Father, you are mother and mother is father.\uc0{\u8221}confused, I asked her why she thought that way. She replied, \uc0{\u8221}Because you clean the dishes.\uc0{\u8221} I said ,\uc0{\u8221}No, I\uc0{\u8217}m just helping your mom. Can\uc0{\u8217}t you see that things are scattered in the house?\uc0{\u8221} Melisa smiled and affectionately said, \uc0{\u8221}Dad, you are a good father!\uc0{\u8221} I thanked her and smiled back at her. Without hesitation, I put aside the dishes and tended to her, cleaning her up and changing her clothes.later that day, my friend Mbuzi came to visit me. As he entered my house, he was taken aback to see me diligently scrubbing the floor. He asked, \uc0{\u8221}Why are you doing the cleaning? Where is Melisa\uc0{\u8217}s mother?\uc0{\u8221} I replied, \uc0{\u8221}Mama Melisa works at a salon. You know how tough the financial situation is these days.\uc0{\u8221} Mbuzi chuckled and remarked, \uc0{\u8221}So, she goes out to earn money, and you stay at home doing the housework?\uc0{\u8221} I nodded my head slowly.Mbuzi continued with his assumptions, saying, \uc0{\u8221}She will come home with food and expect you to cook for her, claiming she\uc0{\u8217}s tired. And you will do it.\uc0{\u8221} I listened attentively, with tiredness, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t hold my silence any longer. \uc0{\u8221}Who are you to tell me how I should live my life?\uc0{\u8221} I retorted, pushing him away and urging him to leave. I had reached my limit and didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to entertain his judgment.Later in the evening, upon my wife\uc0{\u8217}s return from work, she found my mother, Josephine talking to me angrily. \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}ve heard that you\uc0{\u8217}ve been performing household chores and other feminine activities in your house, is that true?\uc0{\u8221} she inquired angrily. I questioned, \uc0{\u8221} Mom,who informed you of this?\uc0{\u8221} She replied, \uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s the song everyone sings now adays.\uc0{\u8221} She continued, \uc0{\u8221}What kind of traditional medicine did this wicked woman give you? You\uc0{\u8217}re doing household tasks!\uc0{\u8221} Then she exclaimed, \uc0{\u8221}Here comes the wizard!\uc0{\u8221} She addressed my wife, \uc0{\u8221}You wicked woman, welcome and explain to me what you did to my son? I must find him another wife, someone better than you.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}In that moment, my wife, holding a packet of sugar, accidentally dropped it to the floor. Confused, she asked, \uc0{\u8221}Mom, what\uc0{\u8217}s wrong?\uc0{\u8221} My mother retorted, \uc0{\u8221}Did you ever witness your father doing house chores when you lived with him?\uc0{\u8221} She responded, \uc0{\u8221}No.\uc0{\u8221} My mother pressed on, \uc0{\u8221}Then why does my son clean the floor, fetch water, and do the dishes for you?\uc0{\u8221} Overwhelmed, my wife began to cry. I pleaded, \uc0{\u8221}Mom, please stop this misunderstanding.\uc0{\u8221} I turned to my wife and implored, \uc0{\u8221}Honey, please don\uc0{\u8217}t pay attention to her.\uc0{\u8221} Belise looked at me while crying and hugged me tightly. My mother said, \uc0{\u8221} Son,you must marry another wife who will respect you.\uc0{\u8221} I was astonished at my mother\uc0{\u8217}s actions that evening. As she departed, she lifted her long gown, turned her back, glared at my wife, Belise, spat on the ground, and stormed away in anger.\uc0{\u8221} Darling, did I ask you to wash the dishes, why don\uc0{\u8217}t you let me handle it myself? I can take care of them when I return from work.\uc0{\u8221} Belise said. \uc0{\u8211} I comprehend your point, but do you really want me to spend hours in a untidy house when I can quickly tidy it up with my own hands? Let people say what they want; it doesn\uc0{\u8217}t matter. I said.\uc0{\u8221} No, my love, I love both of you, and Melisa. I can\uc0{\u8217}t witness loosing you, so to maintain harmony with my mother-in-law, I have just decided not to go to work starting tomorrow. I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to lose you, or fight everyday with the woman your mother may find for you to marry.\uc0{\u8221} Belise said decisively.I found myself in a state of confusion, unsure of what course of action to take. The question remained in my mind: should I agree with her decision to stay at home or should I persuade her to continue working in order to improve our family\uc0{\u8217}s financial situation?}\par
\sect
}