{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy15\hr17\min12\sec16}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy15\hr17\min12\sec16}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a beautiful chilly morning, in Gonamoro village\uc0{\u8230}.. one could easily see the green healthy looking grass still holding on to the droplets of water from the cold.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 An old van was driving, and did some umps as it passed on ground potholes of the now dilapidated road. Voices could be heard, as the village gradually came to life and little birds sang their last melodies to welcome the beautiful day ahead.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Strolling down beside the road was a young looking teenage girl\uc0{\u8230}. one could see her smile from ear to ear, carrying what seemed to be a now worn out but strong purple school bag. As she walked by, while swaying her arms to and fro. It was evidence that yesterday\uc0{\u8217}s memories were good ones and now could not escape her young mind. She took a deep breath, and continued with her trip to school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Reaching the school premises, Dora rushed on the school corridors and as she reached her class, she dashed inside the now almost filled up class. \uc0{\u8220}she was late again !!\uc0{\u8221} She thought to herself and she knew the usual would happen which would ruin her happy mood. Teacher Boika was on his way out, done with the first lesson of the day and gave her a familiar, \uc0{\u8220}you can do better than this look.\uc0{\u8221} As soon as she got into the noisy class, several guys went silent and followed her with a mocking gaze as she went to sit on her usual spot, the last row, the last bench.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The classroom window glasses were blur from the morning cold and most of the students had their jerseys and school tracks on except Dora, whom her order sister, her only guidance now since her parents past away from a car accident, could not afford to buy any school jersey and the far she could go is pay for her school fees and few needs for proper studying.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Time went by and there seemed to be no sign of the next teacher and with no time, a fifteen year looking smart, short boy stood in front of the class \uc0{\u160}with what seemed to be a letter or poem in his hands and he announced everyone to be attentive and not to lose any lines. The starting point went like, \uc0{\u8220} Biology is the study of all living things and through it we understand more about human nature\uc0{\u8230}.\uc0{\u8221} Dora could not keep up since \uc0{\u160}she thought it was not much of her interest. She decided to work on her unfinished homework, but before she finished the third line, the presenter\uc0{\u8217}s voice in front of the class went unusually high as if seeking for more attention to a specific person and the last lines went like, \uc0{\u8220} therefore some have more adequate layers and so in spite of the cold, they are warm enough and cannot bother to put on a Jersey or \uc0{\u160}jacket\uc0{\u8230}.!!!\uc0{\u8221} As he finished this last line, almost the whole class burst into laughter and looked back directly to her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Only then did Dora came to understand what was going on, they were mocking her again about her remarkably increasing weight. It suddenly hit her so bad as laughter continued to rise. At such moments, Dora always felt it\uc0{\u8217}s better for the earth to open and swallow her up but that never happens anyways. So she waited as usual for the noise to cease but this time it continued and fellow classmates started \uc0{\u160}stamping on their desks hard. This time she could not take it any more and felt tears rolling down her chicks as she prayed silently to herself for this to stop.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In spite of her big size, little did they know that she does not put Jersey on simply because she could not afford one and all they could do is take it on her and think it is because she\uc0{\u8217}s warm enough to even need one. Everything was fun to most and to some had no enough courage to be against the popular school gang.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A sharp hit from the front of the class startled everyone, everyone stopped shouting and hitting of benches and Dora looking up, saw a younger \uc0{\u160}looking girl with an angry face, determined and holding a long stick. Dora will forever remember the first three phrases the girl shouted after getting everyone\uc0{\u8217}s attention. \uc0{\u8220} When will this STOP!!!?, how long are we going to keep mocking our own classmates and friend, what do we benefit from all this!!?\uc0{\u8221} She went on to give what seemed to be a very powerful speech and for the very first time in life, Dora understood what a life savior meant. She couldn\uc0{\u8217}t keep up because the tears she had kept for so long was now rushing down her face like water erosion. The determined girl walked to Dora and took her by the arm, to the front\uc0{\u8230}inviting everyone to come and apologize with either a hug or a shake hand. This was followed unexpectedly and most could not face Dora but did the needful.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dora stood there, with her heroine Tindo holding her with the left had as everyone came to apologize. It was the very starting point of her freedom from mocking, bullying and verbal abuse. It even made her realize how she should start working on her weight. \uc0{\u160}It was going to be one of the best memorable days of her eighths grade to forever remember in every winter season(:}}\par
\sect
}