{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy05\hr10\min31\sec59}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy05\hr10\min31\sec59}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The last person quoted in my father\uc0{\u8217}s obituary was a religion scholar at the University of Wisconsin. Dad\uc0{\u8217}s obsession with house churches, he opined, perpetuated a contrived underground Jewish origin story for Christians. The scholar\uc0{\u8217}s provocative signature stance, evidently. With disdain cloaked in the affected detachment of academia, the professor remarked that since house churches are in fact no more popular than before the appearance of Reverend Rick Icorn, my father\uc0{\u8217}s legacy is simply that of a media celebrity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ink from the }{\cf0\f0\i New York Times }{\cf0\f0 smudged my coworker Shelley\uc0{\u8217}s fingertips. She\uc0{\u8217}d read the whole obit in silence, biting her nails. A charcoal smudge had coagulated with her cherry lip gloss. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t call attention to it. \uc0{\u8220}Honestly, I\uc0{\u8217}m glad that\uc0{\u8217}s not my dad. Is it okay to say that? But, like, no one accused him of sexual harassment or embezzling money. Pretty good for a televangelist.\uc0{\u8221} To atone for the crass observation, Shelley donned an expression that looked pained from all the empathy. I appreciated the effort; I barely know the woman.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She was all legs, as they say, clad in a pair of green cut-off athletic shorts. A peculiar choice for the late fall weather, an absurd combination with her usual NYU hoodie. I tried to study the legs as covertly as I could, the inconspicuous shaving nicks, the rather large, scuffed square kneecaps. I presumed that it read as a grieving person\uc0{\u8217}s difficulty to maintain eye contact.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}How\uc0{\u8217}s your mother taking it?\uc0{\u8221} she inquired. I admitted I haven\uc0{\u8217}t called yet. Luckily, she was spared from responding to this when the waiter brought our tapas plates. I\uc0{\u8217}d have to nibble for appearances\uc0{\u8217} sake, but I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t hungry. The waiter\uc0{\u8217}s muscles threatened to tear the seams of his tasteful uniform, a cuffed short sleeve button-up, maroon vest, tight navy pants that could have been a torniquet for the cock and balls. I\uc0{\u8217}d been uncontrollably horny ever since Dad was found dead on the church stairs, a step resting beneath his neck like one of those airplane pillows that business class passengers like to use. Before walking over, I\uc0{\u8217}d drunk half a bottle of Pinot; now, along with our tapas, the second round of Shelley\uc0{\u8217}s favorite Chardonnay arrived. I had to go to the bathroom but I was afraid I\uc0{\u8217}d stumble if I stood up. It took everything I had not to put my paws all over our server. While I was picturing the ass, Shelley touched my hand. I snapped to attention through the haze of the Chardonnay.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Did you love him?\uc0{\u8221} She punctuated the question with a drag from her electronic cigarette. The tip of the device glowed a fluorescent white; she leaned in closer. I noticed the waiter start to approach again, then think better of it after seeing Shelley\uc0{\u8217}s intense expression. I realized that though my father\uc0{\u8217}s celebrity intrigued her, the details of his career had not. Rather, she possessed an unwavering interest in the sharing and disclosure of feelings. She must have expected that the reward for her visit would be a heart to heart of some kind. Her knee brushed against my leg and remained there. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t move.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Did I love him?\uc0{\u8221} I answered, holding the question like a peculiar artifact. \uc0{\u8220}Well, everyone has to accept who their parents are \uc0{\u8212} \uc0{\u8220}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}But does anyone, really?\uc0{\u8221} she interjected, growing a bit taller. \uc0{\u8220}What\uc0{\u8217}s the saying? Every man becomes his father, or kills him? I forget which.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s funny \uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} I said. \uc0{\u8220}The day he died I said something really horrible.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What was it?\uc0{\u8221} Shelley unsealed a pack of nubby fags for the e-cig, deftly tearing the thin gold ribbon.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Just something about our family \uc0{\u8230} He deserved it. But it\uc0{\u8217}s the last thing I ever said to him. I keep thinking I might have been the final clog in the artery.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was making it all up. I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t spoken to my father in six years, a fact I considered fairly unimportant, even less so today. I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t told the lie tactically. Shelley\uc0{\u8217}s performance of sympathy \uc0{\u8212} perhaps it was genuine \uc0{\u8212} seemed to draw it out of my larynx. She moved her hand under the table onto my thigh. I allowed it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t be ridiculous,\uc0{\u8221} she purred. \uc0{\u8220}His genes and his diet killed him.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Shelley was far more adaptable and sensitive than I took her to be, very unselfish. There was a reason I\uc0{\u8217}d asked her to meet me, though at the time it felt as hollow as the nonsense I\uc0{\u8217}d just uttered about my father. We\uc0{\u8217}d been in the same cubicle cluster at the office for about six months, and she was the closest thing I had to a work friend. I often found myself laughing with her. She was fond of doing impressions of the higher-ups, especially our chipper, toothy supervisor, Monica.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I sat back and let her talk. She could sense I wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t mind if she spoke about herself a little bit. Before NYU, she did a gap year in South America. I forget where. A backpacking itinerary, gleefully hopping from one fleabag lodging to the next. A short slideshow ensued on her iPhone: she spent the longest on a group shot taken in a hostel. At the photo\uc0{\u8217}s center was a grinning moron with a University of Minnesota ballcap holding a guitar. Her favorite part of traveling was the short-lived but meaningful friendships. She\uc0{\u8217}s an only child like me. Her father is more of a man\uc0{\u8217}s man, totally the opposite of mine, who had a propensity for tearful calls to action in his sermons and lectures. So many of her preppy friends were daddy\uc0{\u8217}s little girl; she wondered what that would be like. He really approves of her job in finance. Older boomers are mostly still unaware of the bullshit jobs phenomenon, she said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The hunk returned with the check, deposited it without any extraneous pleasantries. He\uc0{\u8217}d long ago picked up on the pall at our table. Shelley\uc0{\u8217}s silver Amex clinked onto the plastic tray like a little sleigh bell. My treat, she said. I noticed she left a mediocre gratuity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The weather outside was vile. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe Shelley\uc0{\u8217}s shorts. It must be pure vanity on her part, walking around like that in the cold, I thought. I zipped my thin coat up to my neck and yanked my beanie cap as far over my ears as I could shove it. The wind coursed beneath my clothing. There was a silence.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I invited Shelley for a drink on my patio. I could tell she was impressed. She lives somewhere in Queens. Dad bought me the place after his sixth book, }{\cf0\f0\i New Jerusalem: The House Church Model,}{\cf0\f0  went number one. It felt great having a visitor. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t care that having her over probably meant no movie that night. I poured us each a whiskey soda. Soon we were talking work. Shelley paced back and forth doing her dead ringer impersonation of our supervisor. I laughed so hard no sound came out. \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re so funny,\uc0{\u8221} I said. I scrunched up my face to match our boss\uc0{\u8217}s dirty looks. Howling, Shelley doubled over, held onto first the railing, then my arm. We were both unsteady from the drinking. She wrapped herself around me and then I felt her lips on mine. All our movements were synchronic. I stuck my tongue inside her mouth; my excitement rose.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She slipped off her hoodie and I undid her bra. I seemed to have learned this famously difficult maneuver via osmosis; magically it came unhooked without a struggle and dangled from my grip until I tossed it down and cupped her tits. She started kissing me again; I felt a surprising twitch in my crotch. She touched me there and moved my hand from her tits to her ass, which is when it started to go wrong. A terror sprouted in my throat, extinguising my curiosity. When she guided my hands inside her panties, the illusion ended altogether.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s not a good idea, I told her, and pulled away. She was shocked. \uc0{\u8220}What, because we work together? Come on.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I shook my head, glanced over the balcony at the street. \uc0{\u8220}No, no\uc0{\u8230} I mean, don\uc0{\u8217}t you\uc0{\u8230}? I prefer cock.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I could tell from her expression that this was news to her. We didn\uc0{\u8217}t really know each other. Her half empty glass of whiskey left a little puddle on the table, all the ice almost melted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}My cunt is as good as cock,\uc0{\u8221} she spat. Her hair hid half her face. \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t tell me you\uc0{\u8217}re gay. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know anyone who labels sexuality anymore.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m old-fashioned.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I guess I\uc0{\u8217}ll leave, then. Sorry about your dad. And by the way, it\uc0{\u8217}s disgusting you haven\uc0{\u8217}t spoken to your mother.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After she slammed the door, I imagined what would have happened if I\uc0{\u8217}d tried to fuck her. I wish I could have. She\uc0{\u8217}s practically all I have in the world. Maybe from behind, against the railing, with most of our clothes still on, it could have worked. I opened Pornhub and half-heartedly ejaculated within a couple minutes to a military shower scenario. Then I threw a few shirts in a suitcase for the flight home and fell asleep.}}\par
\sect
}