{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy15\hr17\min28\sec48}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy15\hr17\min28\sec48}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Adjusting My Palate}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Three weeks have passed since I arrived on Canadian soil, and while the initial excitement of the new adventure still flows through my veins, there is one aspect to the trip. continues to confuse and challenge me: food.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Coming from Africa, where bold flavours, vibrant spices and explosions of flavour define every meal, I have always been proud of my homeland\uc0{\u8217}s rich culinary heritage. From fragrant Jollof rice to delicious Suya, every bite has a taste of home. In Canada, however, my taste buds faced a puzzling challenge: unfamiliarity with Canadian cuisine.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The first time I encountered Canadian cuisine was at a local restaurant. I eagerly ordered what seemed like a quintessentially Canadian dish: poutine. When the plate was placed before my eyes, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help but be surprised at its luxury: crispy fries dipped in sauce and topped with frozen cheese. However, the first bite left me confused. It\uc0{\u8217}s not bad, but it\uc0{\u8217}s so different from what I\uc0{\u8217}m used to. The flavour was bland and salty, lacking the vibrant spices I was used to. I crave the complex flavours of home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the days passed, I discovered more Canadian cuisine, trying everything from butter tarts to tortoises. Every meal is an adventure, but it also comes with challenges. I find that Canadian cuisine tends to have lighter flavours than African cuisine. The use of herbs and spices is more limited and often focuses on the natural flavours of the ingredients.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One of the biggest adjustments made to my beloved spice cabinet. Back in Africa, my food was a treasure trove of spices, from cumin to coriander, paprika to ginger. Now salt, pepper and some selected herbs prevail. The spicy taste of African pepper sauce has been replaced by ketchup and mayonnaise. I can\uc0{\u8217}t help but feel like I\uc0{\u8217}ve lost part of my culinary identity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The struggle went beyond my kitchen. Eating with new friends, I discovered dishes like meatloaf and clam soup. Although I enjoyed the opportunity to explore new flavours, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help but miss the vibrancy and diversity of African cuisine. I crave the sense of community that comes with sharing a giant pot of Jollof rice with friends or the joy of savouring the smoky flavour of a delicious grilled Suya skewer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However, as the days turned to weeks, something began to change within me. I realized that my culinary journey to Canada was not about replacing my African roots but about expanding my palate and enjoying new experiences. I began to appreciate the simplicity and freshness of Canadian ingredients, the delicate balance of flavours and the warmth of sharing a meal with friends, no matter what was on the plate.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I began experimenting in my own kitchen, combining familiar African flavours with ingredients I found in Canada. I marinated the chicken in African spices and grilled it to perfection, serving it with a Canadian salad. I even tried making my own poutine with a little African spicy sauce. These culinary experiences have become a bridge between my past and present, a way to honour my African heritage and my new journey to Canada.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Three weeks into my adventure in Canada, the food still tastes different than before, but my perspective has changed. I\uc0{\u8217}ve learned that embracing a new culture also means adopting one.}}\par
\sect
}