{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy13\hr02\min04\sec16}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy13\hr02\min04\sec16}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 Most of the world\uc0{\u8217}s existence is worried about their life. The richest people are worried about their money, the poor ones are worried on how to earn the money and feed their children, famous people are worried about their rivals, parents are worried about the future of their children, birds are worried about the hunting, flowers are worried about losing their petals but since childhood I was worried about the anxious eyes of my parents that were filled with unlimited pains and sorrows of our hunger and poverty. I remember the time when we had just a piece of bread on our table cloth. There was a painful sigh of my dad and tears of my mother that we had to eat that piece of dry bread with a bite of pain and poverty. But I was searching for unattainable wishes in the world of my dreams and I was achieving whatever I wished in that beautiful world. In a moment I could fly to the sky, I could feel the ruckus of the earth under my feet. How beautiful was it! How Pleasant! How easy was it to achieve my dreams!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 Alas! After a few moments I reached the first point. That green beautiful garden with those white and blue clouds, those colorful butterflies on purple violets\uc0{\u8230} everything was vanishing in a moment. Like a mirage or a sweet dream that one wakes up suddenly I was coming back to my real world. Instead of that beautiful noise of those dreamy waterfalls I was hearing my sister\uc0{\u8217}s painful hunger cries.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}But I loved that land, my dreamy land, my happiness land although it was temporary \uc0{\u8230} Even though after a moment all the prosperity was vanishing from my sight I needed that world the same as a fish that needs water to be alive.\uc0{\u160} This passion, this enthusiasm made me imagine that world again and again to stay away from the problems and brawls of my real world. To seek asylum where my dreams were hidden\uc0{\u8230} where nothing was impossible there\uc0{\u8230} where a poor kid did not have to suffer from the coldness of the winter\uc0{\u8230} where there was\uc0{\u160}love and happiness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 I\uc0{\u160}let everyone know that the dreamy land is mine. I do not like this real world.\uc0{\u160} I am tired. I want once more to go to my dreamy world the same as my childhood. I know that is still that dreamy world to me. In its lap all my dreams were\uc0{\u160}hidden. This is me who has changed. This is me that the tickling of life has separated me from it. This is real life that has prohibited me from seeing it for so many years. When I knew about it, love and prosperity came to me. It was its love and\uc0{\u160}passion that made me stronger and move ahead. I know it is not enough and whatever I write about it would be the least but what to do? It was the only supporter for my spirit. It was the recovery of my old wounds and a hope for a better life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 Now I want to go\uc0{\u160}to it because in my solitude and loneliness just its presence can polish my tired and broken heart. Only it\uc0{\u160}can put the love and affection shirt to the desert of my heart, so I want it to take care of me the same as my childhood. I want to be\uc0{\u160}with it even for a moment\uc0{\u8230} I just want its\uc0{\u160}name to be written there in my life\uc0{\u8217}s notebook\uc0{\u8230} I want to find peace again and be the witness of those sweet and beautiful childhood dreams\uc0{\u8230} I want to be with my dreamy world forever\uc0{\u8230} No, it should never leave me because I will be lost on this earth\uc0{\u8230} I will vanish and be destroyed. Oh, this real life is not worth even living.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}