{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy21\hr21\min16\sec05}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy21\hr21\min16\sec05}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was eleven years old, living near the Ruzizi River with my mother and four siblings after my father\uc0{\u8217}s death. As an older child, I had no choice but to drop out of school and embark on a fishing journey to find a way to support the rumbling of my younger siblings\uc0{\u8217} empty stomachs and the look of despair in my mother\uc0{\u8217}s eyes that bored me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now, at just 13 years old, I was an experienced fisherman. My strong arms were a testament to the many days I spent working on the lake. Attracted by the prospect of earning a little money to support my struggling family, and the rhythm of throwing nets and the excitement of fighting fish in the water, Djuma and some other students who were once my classmates disappeared from school one by one and started fishing. I loved going fishing with Djuma because his parents didn\uc0{\u8217}t care if he went to school or not. One thing they cared about was farming, and that was it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a calm and cloudy morning when Djuma and I set out in our small wooden canoe on the cold surface of the river. The water was littered with the triangular fins of hungry catfish. Djuma and I cast our nets, spreading them in the water with the eagerness to catch the crawling fish. When we dragged the net, with our expectation, we caught many fish; we laughed. So we spread the nets back into the water, hoping to catch more fish, when suddenly I saw waves coming from a distance towards our canoe.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Look at that wave in the water,\uc0{\u8221} I hit Djuma on the shoulder while showing him the wave.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Oh!\uc0{\u8221} I screamed when Djuma and I saw a large crocodile come down from the depths, its jaws hanging loose, swimming straight towards our canoe. We left the net floating on the muddy water. Holding the oars, Djuma sat on the left side and I on the right side of the canoe, and we quickly traveled to the river bank. While we were traveling, the tail of the crocodile hit the left side of the canoe and almost overturned us. Unfortunately, Djuma fell into the water and was attacked by the crocodile.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I trembled and urinated in fear, but no one would have noticed the urine as a lot of water had entered the canoe during the attack. With every step, my heart beat in my chest, I was so scared. Slashing the thick leaves around me, I fell into the mud of the swamp, the mud oozing beneath my feet. I struggled to absorb, my legs getting heavier with each step. My clothes clung to my body, wet and heavy, preventing me from moving forward. But I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t afford to slow down. I took each step forward, the pool\uc0{\u160} releasing its hold on me. Finally, I reached the water\uc0{\u8217}s edge; I dove into the cold water of the river, embracing the momentary relief. I caught my breath, swam to the safe side of the river, pulling myself to shore with trembling hands. I lay there, tired but alive.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I looked into the water from the river bank, I saw a drop of blood floating. Kasuku, an old, weather-worn fisherman, walked along the river, carrying a rod, a net, and a bag full of freshly caught fish. He saw me sitting on a stone near the path.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Ah, fellow river lover! Good day, boy.\uc0{\u8221} He greeted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Kasuku\uc0{\u8230} I\uc0{\u8230} narrowly escaped\uc0{\u8230} Djuma\uc0{\u8230} Djuma was taken by a crocodile\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}How? Slow down boy. Take a breath and tell me what happened,\uc0{\u8221} said Kasuku.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}It was\uc0{\u8230} terrifying. We were fishing\uc0{\u8230} and suddenly, this huge crocodile attacked us. It didn\uc0{\u8217}t get tired!\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Oh no! Are you okay? And how about the others?\uc0{\u8221} He said, examining my body.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}We fought as hard as we could, but the crocodile was too strong. It grabbed Djuma and dragged him underwater. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t save him.\uc0{\u8221} I said, crying.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m so sorry to hear that. Losing a friend is never easy, especially in such a horrible way. You did everything you could.\uc0{\u8221} He said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I can\uc0{\u8217}t get rid of the fear\uc0{\u8230} the pictures of the crocodile\uc0{\u8230} and poor Djuma\uc0{\u8230} haunts me.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I understand your pain, boy. It\uc0{\u8217}s a hard reality we face out here. You should have information about the river and its creatures before you start fishing.\uc0{\u8221} Reaching into his bag, she pulled out several small powder charms.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I need you to listen carefully,\uc0{\u8221} He said, \uc0{\u8221}What happened to you and your friend today in this river was bad luck for your friend, but a warning to you. Water can be treacherous.\uc0{\u8221} I watched Kasuku lift one of the flour charms; in spite of what happened to me and the loss of a friend; I paid attention.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What are those Kasuku? Are they magical?\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}They\uc0{\u8217}re not exactly magic, but they have the power to protect you. These charms are made from sacred herbs and flour,\uc0{\u8221} he said, \uc0{\u8221}they keep dangerous river creatures away.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He placed the charm in the palm of my hand. \uc0{\u8221}Whenever you venture near the river, whether in a canoe or on foot, you must apply these charms to your body and the canoe as well. They form a protective shield against unseen dangers in the water.\uc0{\u8221} He said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}So they\uc0{\u8217}re going to protect me from crocodiles?\uc0{\u8221} I asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yes, boy. These charms have been passed down through the generations. They had protected many fishermen over the years.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I held a bunch of charms in my hand, \uc0{\u8221}thank you for this.\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With a heavy heart, I looked back at the river, its calm face now stained with tragedy. A crocodile, a symbol of nature\uc0{\u8217}s unpredictable ferocity, had taken my friend. I fell to my knees, gasping for breath, my body shaking from the intensity of the experience. As the sun began to set, casting a golden glow over the river, I whispered a final goodbye to my fallen friend, and the winds carried my words.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And so, I rose from my knees, bearing the weight of loss but also the resilience of a survivor. With each heavy step, I went away from the river bank, I vowed not to fish again, but how could the family survive the hunger? I had only one profession: fishing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I u}}\par
\sect
}