{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy16\hr16\min18\sec45}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy16\hr16\min18\sec45}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A fading dreamThere was a young girl named Blandine who had a big dream of becoming a famous musician. She spent all her days practicing the piano and composing her own songs, hoping that one day her music would be heard by millions of people around the world.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Blandine\uc0{\u8217}s parents, however, didn\uc0{\u8217}t share her enthusiasm. They thought that music was just a hobby and that Blandine needed to focus on her studies instead. They often scolded her for spending too much time playing the piano and not enough time studying for exams.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite her parents\uc0{\u8217} disapproval, Blandine continued to pursue her dream. She joined a music school and started performing at local events. Her talent was undeniable, and people started to take notice. Blandine\uc0{\u8217}s dream was slowly becoming a reality.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But as she got older, Blandine started to face more challenges. She struggled to keep up with the demands of the music industry, and the pressure to succeed was overwhelming. She started to doubt herself and her abilities. Her dream, which once seemed so vivid and tangible, began to fade away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Blandine started to give up on her music. She stopped practicing as much, and her performances became less frequent. Her parents were pleased that she was finally focusing on her studies, but Blandine felt empty inside. She had lost her passion, and her dream had slipped away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, while walking home from school, Blandine heard a beautiful melody coming from a nearby park. She followed the sound and found an old man playing the piano. He was a street musician, and he played with such passion and intensity that Blandine was mesmerized.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As she listened, Blandine realized that she had never really lost her love for music. It had just been buried under the weight of her own expectations and the pressure to succeed. She felt a spark of inspiration, and the dream that had faded away started to come back to life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Blandine asked the old man if she could play with him, and he agreed. Together, they played a duet that echoed through the park. People stopped to listen, and some even started to sing along. Blandine felt alive again, and her dream felt more real than it had in years.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After they finished playing, the old man looked at Blandine and said, \uc0{\u8221}Don\uc0{\u8217}t ever let your dream fade away, my dear. It\uc0{\u8217}s what makes life worth living.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Those words stuck with Blandine, and she realized that she had to start pursuing her dream again. She started practicing harder than ever before and began performing at small venues around the city. Slowly but surely, her music started to gain traction once again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her parents were still hesitant about her pursuing music as a career, but Blandine didn\uc0{\u8217}t let their doubts bring her down. She knew that she had a gift, and she was determined to share it with the world.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Years went by, and Blandine became a successful musician. She played at sold-out venues and had millions of fans around the world. But she never forgot the lesson she learned from the old man in the park. She knew that her dream was fragile, and that she had to nurture it constantly to keep it alive.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Blandine continued to play the piano until the end of her days. She never lost her passion for music, and her dream never faded away again. It remained a constant source of inspiration and joy, reminding her that anything is possible if you believe in yourself and your dreams}}\par
\sect
}