{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy28\hr08\min00\sec01}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy28\hr08\min00\sec01}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My manuscripts introduce my glorious history, my special and unique culture, my green house and my kind family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My history:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 First, I would like to write about the history that shows the sacrifice, dedication and love that our ancestors left for us. It may seem easy to me who writes and to you who reads, but they were brave men and brave soldiers who fought without thinking about their death, family or future to make a history that delights every reader.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Maybe he was a young man who had not yet hugged his mother or even said goodbye to his father, but on the day of the battle, he drowned in the turbulent waters. Maybe a 37-year-old man who was supposed to experience the feeling of becoming a father for the first time, but could not, because on the day of the battle, an iron bullet pierced the left side of his chest and died. Maybe an old man who could not kiss his wife for the last time and say \uc0{\u8221}I love you\uc0{\u8221} to his 13-year-old daughter, because he was captured on the day of the battle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All of them were certain to die, but this did not stop them because our brave soldiers were a clear example of bravery. It is not an easy thing to die for the freedom of others, but they died so that we could live. Some of them fought for the first time, and some of them fought for the last time, but I can say with certainty that none of them regretted the decision they made, now I am alive and I am writing an article that I am proud of.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My culture:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now I want to put some words together to make sentences about our ancient culture. My people have many customs and traditions, one of them is a day called Eid. On this day, all people wear new clothes, most of them wear special clothes called Afghani clothes. And all the families prepare a big table of all kinds of dried fruits and fresh fruits, also all kinds of cakes and sweets. The duration of this great occasion is three days, in these days friends, relatives and neighbors visit each other and express their love and respect for each other by drinking hot tea and eating sweets. Also in these three days, the elders give money to the younger ones, which is my favorite part.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Another custom of the Afghan people is the Picnin, which they call (rose flower picnic). The rose flower is the first day in the spring season, on this day the weather is mild and the soil of my country is filled with tulips and daffodils, on this day our eyes are caressed by the green nature that spring creates and all families go to outside of the city in the middle of green nature. There, each person ties two pieces of weeds together and repeats the wish in his heart, the wish for peace and tranquility, because green is the color of peace and tying two weeds is a symbol of kinship and closeness. Afghan people have many other traditions, such as Yalda night, henna night, horse races and all kinds of old games, each of which has its own explanation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My home_Afghanistan:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have a home, a home that takes care of us like a mother. The name of my home is Afghanistan. Afghanistan has 34 provinces and each province has its own beauty, which we call historical monuments, natural resources and natural wonders.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I will start from my hometown (Herat). Herat has many places to visit, for example, Khwaja Abdullah Ansar Grand Mosque, Khwaja Abdullah Ansar was born in Herat Province. He was a scholar and scientist who built this great mosque with unparalleled beauty during his lifetime and told his friends that bury him in the same cemetery. And the tomb of this saint is there. The interesting part of this mosque is its very peaceful atmosphere, the atmosphere of this place is so calm and peaceful that it makes every person so calm as if he cannot find this peace in any other area. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how, but every time I complain about this cruel world and I have no other way to relieve myself, I visit this place I feel so calm as if there is no cruel world at all.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In another region of Herat province, there is a mountain that drips water from the mountain. Naturalists and rock climbers say that no source of water can be seen in this mountain and its source is still unknown, the water of this mountain is so sweet and clear that it is as if this water has flowed from heaven.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I personally drank this water, the water of this mountain is so sweet and fragrant that I can\uc0{\u8217}t describe it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the other side of Afghanistan, there is a province called Badakhshan, which has a very cold climate and is mountainous. The people of province say that there are 9 months of winter and 3 months of moderate weather in this province. The wonder of this province is a spring located in an area called Wakhan. The name of this spring is Babe Tang, the water of this spring is so hot and boiling that it is almost impossible to use the water of this spring directly. It may seem interesting, but it is 100% possible to boil a raw egg in this spring and cook it in 7 minutes. And in many other regions of Afghanistan, there are mountains that are home to precious stones such as gold, silver, ruby, emerald, lapis lazuli and many other precious stones. My people use these stones to decorate their houses and make ornaments.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My family:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My name is Zuhal, I was born in 2005 in a kind, respectful and authentic family. I and my family of 35 million people\uc0{\u160} use Afghan surname. I would like to introduce you, dear reader, to my family of 35 million people.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My family consists of respectable, kind, compassionate and hospitable people. They first established the foundation of love and respect in my heart. I was taught that whenever a person needs help, I should help him first, because if I help one person, two others will help me later. They taught me to be kind. They taught me if I find out that your neighbor or friend slept hungry at night due to extreme poverty, you should not sleep that night, until you share as much food as you have with him, even if your food is a piece of bread. Later, they taught me to respect elders and be kind to children. I was told that respect can be just a smile to the elders or the younger ones.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I clearly remember that I was in the 7th grade of school, I was coming home from school when I saw a disabled old man who was holding a big cart full of garbage and was trying to move the cart to the other side of the street, but he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t, he turned to me and said softly: (My daughter! Can you help me lift my cart from this height?) My mind said not to help him because my clothes will get dirty, but at the same moment my heart said the lessons taught by my father, mother and my people. I helped him without mkre thinking about getting my clothes dirty and the old man gave me a beautiful smile in return, the value and sweetness of his smile cannot be compared to anything.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And recently, my family taught me that no matter how special my history, culture, home and family are, there are thousands of other histories, cultures, homes and families that are special and infinitely valuable in their own way. Like your glorious history, your special culture, your beautiful home and your kind, respectful and authentic people, and all other ethnicities and religions are respected.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So I am proud of you and your country and I am proud of myself and my country.}}\par
\sect
}