{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy03\hr13\min42\sec00}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy03\hr13\min42\sec00}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tam Tam was living a comfortable life in DRC, but when the war broke up he fled to Malawi. He found the Dzaleka refugee camp to be a strange place to him. Uuh! He was exhausted he came from grinding maize. Soap distribution was also waiting for him, but he thought of not going to receive them. If he did not go to receive those soaps, he would not have a place where he would lay his head that evening. His foster parents would chase him out. He forced himself, he went to receive the soap from food distribution.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the afternoon he attended afternoon sermons at his local church even though he used to drink some beer in his country.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This time around it was very difficult for him to continue drinking in the camp since he was jobless. He also feared stealing in order to get money, so he abstained from every measure of things that could attempt to spend money on.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That evening he worshipped God and after several days of worshipping, he was advised to attend baptism teachings in order to prepare himself for the baptism as a new believer. He accepted and started to follow. After being baptized, he was given a title in the church and gained some cash from the given offerings in the church. He liked his new life and decided to leave his foster parents in order to live alone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Being so creative, and driven by greed he created his own small prayer room. He left the church with some other convinced followers. They all went to mold bricks and had the small prayer room built. Tam Tam became the shepherd and allocated those other followers to different positions in the prayer room. They inaugurated and started to pray. They prayed everyday evening time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everyone was welcome and no discrimination.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But most of his preaching was based on giving offerings and tithe in order to be blessed by the Lord. Of cause, it was written that way.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sada, one of his prayer room followers, was in need of blessings and whatever he earned from molding bricks he would take out some for offering and ten percent for the tithe.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sada, made it a habit to offer offerings and tithe in order to be blessed as preached in the room.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He always prayed that may God bless him to leave Dzaleka to abroad since Dzaleka looks like a zoom for everyone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The shepherd preached the message of Hope and blessings to his followers. He gained lots of followers that everyone could not believe it. He widened his room since it was not big enough to fit all people. He also opened a big church by the prayer room. He was now entitled Bishop. To meet the Bishop one would first get an appointment and without an appointment no meeting the Bishop.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 People were forced to fast as to end their lives and challenges in the camp. Those fasting were told to have a mug of porridge late in the evening just for three fasting days every week.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 People became skinny, but the Bishop grew fat as a pig and healthier.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Even though he was single, Sometimes, he preached not to commit fornication, especially for young men. He advised that young men are meant to serve the Lord in a young age and that the Lord does not work with fornicators.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sometimes he preached that when someone is already a follower in a church, it is inappropriate to leave that church because the person may not receive the blessings the one is looking for. That word could frighten everyone, no one could dare to leave his church.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When it was an evening prayer in widened prayer room, everyone would pray and after the prayer the Bishop was available for anyone with different problems in order to pray for them privately. There was no discrimination for everyone with different problems and wants to be prayed for, and was invited regardless of gender, age, race, and ethnic background.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, the Bishop was resettled to the US together with his girlfriend whom he married immediately after reaching the US. Now, after some months, a certain church girl who happened to be Sada\uc0{\u8217}s choir mate, approached him and begged Sada to open her a\uc0{\u160} Facebook account in order to start communicating with the Bishop as she was a choir member in the Bishop\uc0{\u8217}s church.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sada assisted to open her account. Now, since the lady was poor with no money to buy herself a cell phone, she forced herself to come every day to borrow Sada\uc0{\u8217}s phone in order to communicate with the Bishop in the US. In her message, the Bishop promised her a cell phone to be given late in December. But he encouraged her to continue using a borrowed phone till she will get hers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Also, another one day, she left her account switched on and Sada was curious to know what the lady was communicating with the Bishop all those days. Sada opened the messaging box and immediately dived into the Bishop\uc0{\u8217}s messages. \uc0{\u8221}Ooh! My God!,\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160} Sada was amazed. He found shameful messages and could not imagine that the Bishop could ever have done what he, himself wrote to have done back then. The Bishop wrote,\uc0{\u8221} My sweetheart I miss your sweet sex, really you are a blessed and amazing lady among women in the world. Even if I am married I can\uc0{\u8217}t stop thinking about you. Please, whether you will be married or not I will still find you and make more and more sex.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Bishop would meet the lady after evening prayers and she was the lady said that she has trauma and demon-possessed so she was the last one to be prayed for. Of cause the Bishop was accompanied by other single men said to be prayers as well, but they knew it was the Bishop\uc0{\u8217}s trick to sleep with the lady in the church as they lie that she is being prayed for. So other single men prayers left soon after other private sick people had left and they go to stand at the gate of the prayer room so that no one could get in and find out what was going.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Weak Sada left the phone slowly down on his mattress he started to think about whether his offerings and tithe were received in Heaven or not.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He thought that may be that why his prayer was still not being answered. He called himself all bad names, stupid, ignorant, and a servant of hungry and liars.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From that time till now, Sada does not frequent prayer rooms and he hardly believes pastors in Dzaleka refugee camp.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}