{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy04\hr22\min42\sec12}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy04\hr22\min42\sec12}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s a continent with over 50 nations, yet the people\uc0{\u8217} s ways of life are similar. Having been to over seven countries of our mother continent, I have always been surprised at how I always find myself feeling at home in each of the settings. The staple food, stiff pap, is similar in the way it\uc0{\u8217}s prepared in each of the places. If it is your favourite, you would never miss it should you find yourself crossing the boarders. Another steaming plate of the dish would be waiting for you, though with a different name! Only the language differences give me a wake up call that I would have traveled! I treat the dish with utmost respect such that I always want to be conversing in the area\uc0{\u8217}s native language as I make my order. The journey to being a multi-lingual entrusted to me by my love for the staple food presented me with a lot of surprises. After all, I discovered I would have to learn a large pallet of words to sound like a native each time I travelled. Nature already had a good way for me to make my order, the native way. Doing as the Romans do in Rome. For instance, the days I spent in Rwanda, Murakoze was one of the five Kinyarwanda words I was able to master which means thank you. Saying it after a dish of Isombe and po sho has been laid before me would instantly trigger the waiter\uc0{\u8217}s unending smile. \uc0{\u8220}Should you need anything, please call me instantly,\uc0{\u8221} she would say in her fascinating Rwandan accent. I also figured out that if you speak in their language when negotiating the price, you would get it at a feel Rwandan francs cheaper as opposed to the one speaking English. Therefore, I could afford to have the street meal experience several times out of my tiny budget complemented my new found favourite, Mutzig beer. During that visit, I got the privilege to visit lake Kivu, located at the country\uc0{\u8217}s boundary with DR Congo. Here I was also fascinated by the fact that Urakoze, a Kirundi word meant thank you. Huh! I was killing many birds with one stone and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t wait to use the hack at my first restaurant. It worked! I got the bet stiff pap experience thereafter.They call it stiff \uc0{\u8220}pap\uc0{\u8221} in the southernmost parts of the continent and in other places sadza. As we go up towards East and Central Africa, this golden dish changes its name to attain one that speaks to the locals. Also to note, the way to store it changes as you go up the continent. Whilst clay pots store the dish in traditional Mozambique, plantain leaves serve the purpose in Ghana. I was very much intrigued at my first time seeing plantain leaves being used to store the traditional meal by Ghanaians. I had thought banana leaves, which I called them, had no use other than providing shade. In Rwanda, I ordered po sho which was also called nsima in in Nigeria. I thought of making a change when I crossed the boarder to surprise my taste buds with something new, yet traditional. After confidently choosing a semi expensive restaurant, the ones where the menu had no prices, I decided to have a change from my usual favourite. I was surprised that the special for the evening was what I was running away from! It had changed its name! This time masquerading as ugali. This is when I made the conclusion that Africans remain Africans. Whoever came up with the idea of boundaries and borders must have been from somewhere else. Which was actually the case. This aroused my interest.I went on a journey of enquiry to learn how each variation is made as I was touring the continent. Each person from a different nationality was a learning page catapulting me to be a universal sadza cook. What I discovered was that the cooking style is almost the same yet what differs are the ingredients. At the end of the day, all is starch. One can make use of ground corn made into a mealie meal.This will give you the white appearance of sadza. You can also make use of the traditional grains such as sorghum, millet and Rapoko. This will give you the brown appearing variation of the dish. At one point my mother made the white one, gave it to the rest of the family and made the brown one specially for my father. He was diabetic hence it is claimed that brown  sadza is more nutritious and has a lower sugar index. Which is good for his condition. As the dish was being served, my young cousin Farai saw what was in my father\uc0{\u8217}s plate and whispered to my ear, Babamukuru vari kudya nemazinyama, to mean that my father, his uncle, was having a lot of meat in his plate. This was only because his sadza resembled the beef in the plate and the young man couldn\uc0{\u8217}t tell the difference. He said it from a point of concern as he was comparing his one piece of beef to the mountains of meat in his uncle's plate which however was not the case. We really did exercise our muscles with laughter.To make this African staple food one needs to start by boiling water. When the water has boiled, take two cups of mealie meal and pour into the pot with the level of water that resembles the amount of sadza you want to make. This should be followed by a hand held whisker, called musika, to break down the lumps that form. If one doesn\uc0{\u8217}t have this utensil, first mix the ground corn in a separate pot with cold water and then add the hot one afterwards. Easy right? Next one needs to keep on stirring whilst the pot is on heat till the mealie meal attains a porridge like texture. Be mindful not to get too thick as this will affect the boiling. Once it starts to boil, close the pot and let it cook for about 15 minutes whilst you prepare your relish. After this time has lapsed, you then open the lid taking care that the larva you would have created does not jump to your skin and give you a burn. I have been burnt several times at this stage though I have no scars to show for it. Also note that I am not scaring you from doing it, every story is different. Start adding more corn to the porridge with stirring until you attain the thickness of the sadza that you desire. It\uc0{\u8217}s said that those who do heavier loads of work require a thicker texture that fills up the stomach whilst those who do light work prefer the thinner paste. Contrary to that, one of my former employers would always say that sadza gets finished from the stomach fast, advising me to pick up rice for lunch. Anyways, a lot of people would want to differ with her. One should also note that as the more you add the mealie meal, the more difficult the stirring will be. Hence bigger pots are reserved for the gym fanatics. Next you need to put your sadza on lower heat and let it simmer for some time after which the golden dish will be ready to serve!The Ghanaians taught me another recipe which uses corn and cassava flour. With this one you mix the two components at a ratio of 2:1, a chance to exercise some calculations. You first have to sieve the two components to remove any lumps after which the recipe follows the common pathway. This golden dish can be eaten in many ways, mostly with hands which some claim that it adds some respect to the dish. Those like me who do not want to get their hands sticky can still use cutlery.  Thanks to my journey of enquiry I was able to learn this aspect of our people. At the end of the day , it\uc0{\u8217}s the golden dish experience that matters !}\par
\sect
}