{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy18\hr20\min55\sec32}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy18\hr20\min55\sec32}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A friend with curved smile}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was born and raised in a slum, where poverty, crime, and drugs were the order of the day. Life was tough, but my friend, Ana, made it bearable. Ana was not like the other children in the slum. She had a curved smile that lit up her face and a personality that made everyone around her feel happy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We met when we were seven years old. I was sitting by the road, staring at the cars passing by when she approached me. I looked up, and there she was, with her curly hair and big eyes. She asked me what I was doing, and I told her I was bored. She smiled and said, \uc0{\u8221}Let\uc0{\u8217}s play.\uc0{\u8221} And just like that, we became friends.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ana was always happy and full of life. Even though we lived in a slum, she never let the poverty and hardships of our surroundings get to her. She found joy in the little things, like the flowers growing by the roadside, the sound of the birds chirping, and the warmth of the sun on our skin. She taught me to appreciate life and to find beauty in the most unexpected places.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We spent our childhood playing games, running around, and dreaming of a better life. Ana was my confidant, my partner in crime, and my source of happiness. Even when things got tough, she never lost her smile. She would always say, \uc0{\u8221}Everything will be okay, we have each other.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As we grew older, our lives took different paths. I dropped out of school and started working in a factory, while Ana continued her education. She was determined to break out of the slum and make a better life for herself. She worked hard, studying day and night, and eventually got a scholarship to study abroad.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was happy for her, but also sad to see her go. I knew that our friendship would never be the same. But Ana promised to keep in touch and to come back to visit whenever she could.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Years passed, and I lost touch with Ana. I heard rumors that she had become successful and was living a comfortable life abroad. But I never forgot about her and the impact she had on my life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, I was walking down the road when I saw a familiar face. It was Ana! She was back in the slum, and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe it. I ran up to her and gave her a big hug.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We spent the day catching up and reminiscing about our childhood. She told me about her life abroad, the challenges she faced, and the successes she had achieved. But what struck me the most was how humble she remained despite her success. She still had the same curved smile and infectious laughter that I remembered from our childhood.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As we said our goodbyes, Ana handed me a small envelope. \uc0{\u8221}This is for you,\uc0{\u8221} she said with a smile. I opened it and saw that it was a check for a significant amount of money. \uc0{\u8221}I want you to use this to start your own business or go back to school. I believe in you, and I know you can do great things,\uc0{\u8221} she said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was speechless. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe that my friend, who had gone on to achieve so much, still cared about me and my life in the slum. I hugged her tightly and thanked her from the bottom of my heart.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That day, I realized that Ana\uc0{\u8217}s curved smile was not just a physical feature, but a reflection of her spirit. She was a ray of sunshine in a dark and gloomy world, and I was lucky to have her as my friend. Her generosity and kindness inspired me to believe in myself and to strive for a better life. And for that, I will always be grateful.}}\par
\sect
}