{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy15\hr00\min02\sec12}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy15\hr00\min02\sec12}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 what is it about us that makes us African? Is it the kinkiness in our hair? or our vibrant diverse cultures? Is it the fact that we had to crawl through a terrible despair before we can finally learn to heal and turn the pages of time, accepting that, it might not have been fair, but it was worth it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The word \uc0{\u8221}struggle\uc0{\u8221} playing the descriptive role in our history has been the molding element in our present. The thing we once called a curse has turned out to be the saving grace. The times we would cry, for peace and serenity, well those cries, secured the rain that falls upon a new generation that rose from those rivers of tears.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For me, Being African is so much more than the kinks and the curls, so much more than the clicks in our mother tongues and the melanin in our skin like rare pearls.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 it is the beauty of our past, the untold stories that are revealed in our eyes, the memories of grey haired figures telling old tales around a fire, barefoot walking along riverbanks and the sound of nature that blessed our childhood. When life was still in simple black and white . . .}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}