{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy09\hr12\min32\sec57}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy09\hr12\min32\sec57}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While on a trip to Lusaka, Songolo was uncomfortable with his physical condition, and when she went to the hospital she found out she was pregnant, despite the previous tests in Lilongwe coming back negative.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When she told her husband Manopi, the husband showcased not being responsible for admitting that pregnancy. claiming that she cannot accept, accusing Songolo of being pregnant by another man while she was in Lusaka, which Songolo denied. That was the basis of the failure to understand each other.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Before they had a romantic relationship, but now, every time Manopi came back from work, Songolo welcomed him happily, but now she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t even look at him anymore. The couple was making plans to buy groceries, but now the husband just slapped money on the table without saying anything.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For several days, Manopi did not sleep at home, without saying anything to Songolo. She stayed up until midnight waiting for him to return. Because of his unclear state of mind, the night felt very dark. When she asked him where he was the next morning, he ignored her without responding to the question.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When she went into labor, Lena, Songolo\uc0{\u8217}s best friend accompanied her to the city hospital with a green space, not Manopi. Songolo named the child Djamba, although in African cultures the father names the child, but with absenteeism of the husband ignoring to be the owner of the child, he was not interested in the situation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}Manopi Refused to visit Songolo at the hospital. When he returned home, Manopi told him again that he will not accept the responsibilities of being Djamba\uc0{\u8217}s father, which increased the miscommunication between them. He even stopped talking to his family and never told them about Djamba\uc0{\u8217}s birth. They were worried, wondering what had happened. After asking some of their friends, they found out what happened.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The first few weeks after giving birth, Lena stayed with Songolo and Djamba. Songolo was very grateful, but unfortunately, Lena had to go back to her family because they were celebrating the marriage of his sister.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Songolo\uc0{\u8217}s day grows long when she is restless; she has to fetch water, go to the market, and do all the housework by herself while raising the child without anyone to help her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Helpless, Manopi went to meet Bandila, one of his close friends. \uc0{\u8221}I am about to divorce my wife,\uc0{\u8221} he said and explained that he had given birth to a child that was not his.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His friend suggested that he look for wise men to assist him in handling the problem that was between them in the family. The master said that it was not necessary, he knew enough, but his friend was not convinced. He said that only wise men would give him a sustainable solution, and you would have peace of mind.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the end, Manopi changed his mind, and deciding to consult the group of wise men was the way forward, as advised by his close friend, he finally agreed. When he spoke to Songolo the wife, she asked, \uc0{\u8221}Why don\uc0{\u8217}t you just believe me?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Even a madman can\uc0{\u8217}t believe you. Madam, don\uc0{\u8217}t waste our time. Let\uc0{\u8217}s go to meet the people who have wisdom and finish these pointless discussions.\uc0{\u8221} Said Manopi. The two continued to yell at each other until Manopi was about to fight with Songolo. Fortunately, he received an emergency call saying that he had to come to the office immediately where he was working. When he returned, the pressure had already begun to subside, but no one spoke to the other. Manopi did not know what to do because Songolo completely rejected his proposal. Everyone was unhappy with each other\uc0{\u8217}s suggestions.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then,Manopi the husband went to Lena, the friend of his partner. \uc0{\u8221}Can you ask Songolo to agree to my idea of meeting wise men? Otherwise, we will have to break up\uc0{\u8230} Why is she afraid if she knows that the results will prove that I am the father?\uc0{\u8221} Manopi asked with doubt. Lena agreed. \uc0{\u8221}When can I expect to hear from you?\uc0{\u8221} Manopi said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Sir, I understand your concern, but give me time, for now you are still on the right path to try to fix the problem, continue and don\uc0{\u8217}t tire yourself, I promised to come back to you in a week, let\uc0{\u8217}s hope for a positive answer.\uc0{\u8221} inquired Lena.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lena happily met Songolo for dinner at a beauty hotel. Songolo asked if something had happened because it had been a long time since they had met. \uc0{\u8221}Nothing special, just a conversation.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160} Lena reply.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I am asking you to accept your husband\uc0{\u8217}s proposition of meeting the wise, the reason I insist on this is that if you do not do so, he will leave you, and not accept to be Djamba\uc0{\u8217}s father; it won\uc0{\u8217}t give a good image on the other side. Djamba will also be the victim of your refusal.\uc0{\u8221} Lena said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}Songolo promised to reflect on it. After leaving Lena returned to give feedback to Manopi and they agreed to return to explain what they talked about when they met with Songolo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When Manopi realized that the meeting between Lena and Songolo did not produce any results, he stopped giving the child. \uc0{\u8221}Tell her father to feed her, she is not mine,\uc0{\u8221} he said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Previously, Manopi was only talking and not acting, but now his abuse affected the child because Songolo depended on him financially. After the husband cannot assist the child anymore, finally Songolo agrees to what Manopi wants in the end by going to the wise men.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They planned the time and day to go and visit the group of wise men. Once in the meeting of the wise, the speaker named Busara introduced the audience, because there were not many people, they provided some advice and counseling before anything else happened as a conclusion of what made them meet. Explaining first the African tradition of checking if the child belongs to the father without going to the hospital.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} In our cultural tradition, to know if the child belongs to the father, we do check the palm lines of the child\uc0{\u8217}s hand, if they are similar with the palm lines of the father\uc0{\u8217}s hands is what determines if they are having the same blood,\uc0{\u8221} Said Busara.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}After checking with the wise men, they realize that the child Djamba belongs to Manopi as his father.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the end, Songolo becomes worried, and without the will to continue sharing intimacy with Manopi. Manopi accepted his mistake and apologized to Songolo for everything he did to her. Songolo needed time to be stable in mind. At first, she refused to forgive him, but eventually, he understood and they continued living as they were before.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}