{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy01\hr23\min40\sec45}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy01\hr23\min40\sec45}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am Asma, 23 years old, from Balkh province,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Afghanistan, with my 50-year-old husband, we have never been satisfied , and because of the forced marriage that I was unhappy with, I am condemned to perform all the missions as a wife.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We spent all this forced life together with fights, suffering, differences and conflicts, and this made my husband divorce me after five years of living under the same roof.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now that 10 years have passed since that fateful day (our wedding), we have two children, one born before the divorce and the other after the divorce.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I thank God for his beautiful gifts and these two children make me breathe and endure this harsh and humble life. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I don\uc0{\u8217}t really remember my last laugh from the bottom of my heart, and I feel indifferent and numb in front of the pains and sufferings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The story started from that day when my elder sister, who was engaged to my midwife\uc0{\u8217}s son, ran away with another boy in the days close to their wedding.\uc0{\u160} Although everything seemed fine until then, but in one day and one moment, everything changed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0  But I was a rebellious and young girl whose whole world was her lessons, homework, and her family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our house, which was almost big and covered in cream color, was located in Daulat Abad, Balkh Province, my whole childhood was sacrificed in that house, while I had big dreams in my head, I was a first class student, I wanted to become a doctor and for myself , my family and my community be someone. Like any other high-flying woman, I want\uc0{\u160} to take care of my own expenses and make my own life . }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But maybe my imaginations were crude or it was fate that my life turned out to be the opposite of my dreams.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0  As usual, I came back from school, I opened the gate of the mansion with the mood of every day, but the atmosphere of the house and the mansion did not have the mood of the previous days\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Heavy silence reigned in the entire house, I found my parents still angry and sad.\uc0{\u160} That day was the day when my sister had run away with someone else and my mother\uc0{\u8217}s family (my sister\uc0{\u8217}s in-laws) were still making noise with anger and rage that}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 give back our bride or pay our one and a half year money that we paid for your daughter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Although I was worried, I still did not have a deep understanding of the situation. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I missed my sister and every moment I wanted to see and understand how she is and how she feels.\uc0{\u160} But the childish pranks were so captivating that sometimes I became indifferent to everything.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a few days, the situation was almost back to normal and I was happy and satisfied with the current situation until one day my mother said: \uc0{\u8221}Asma Jan\uc0{\u8221}, instead of your sister, you have to marry your midwife\uc0{\u8217}s son, you know that your older sister is still engaged.\uc0{\u160} and we have no other choice.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was shocked by my mother\uc0{\u8217}s words and decision and in a moment I felt that all my dreams and wishes were crushed and destroyed.\uc0{\u160} I beat myself to the ground , I screamed, I apologized, I spent days and nights crying, but no one supported me and accepted my words.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Although my father\uc0{\u8217}s economic situation was good at that time and he was able to pay back my sister\uc0{\u8217}s engagement expenses, my parents preferred money over me. Although my father\uc0{\u8217}s economic situation was good at that time and he was able to pay back my sister\uc0{\u8217}s engagement expenses, however my parents preferred money over me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Don\uc0{\u8217}t be surprised, this is Afghanistan, a country where thousands of children and girls, like me today, were sold for money.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Time was moving fast.\uc0{\u160} For one month, when I was still 13 years old, I married the son of my 40-year-old midwife.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My midwife\uc0{\u8217}s son (my husband) was tall and big, but I was short and thin.\uc0{\u160} Every time I saw him, I was filled with fear.\uc0{\u160} On the wedding day, people who didn\uc0{\u8217}t know about our story were surprised.\uc0{\u160} Everyone said something;\uc0{\u160} That the bride was looking tall and fat before , how now she looks small and thin and\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u160} All these words hit my heart like a razor blade and wounded me from the inside.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The wedding ended, I went to my husband\uc0{\u8217}s house, but our quarrels had started again.\uc0{\u160} I was tortured every night because I did not want to have sex with him, but no one supported me.\uc0{\u160} Neither my parents nor my husband\uc0{\u8217}s family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Six months have passed since our wedding , finally one night my husband tied my hands and feet and had sex with me by force.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I will never forget that damn night.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After that night, I hated myself, tried to commit suicide several times, I took several types of pills, but even death eluded me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I suffered alone, burned and turned to ashes , without having committed any sin.\uc0{\u160} So hard that maybe no one can understand the depth of my pains and sufferings and even I don\uc0{\u8217}t have words to express them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our differences were getting more severe every day and I felt afraid of his presence.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In my opinion, my husband was a terrible monster who only tortured me and gave me insulting words.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Life went on with its bitterness and misery and we had a son.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The feeling of being a mother gave me a little encouragement, but our fights and quarrels were endless.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We spent five years like this until one day my husband divorced me and I was a little satisfied with the idea of \uc0{\u8203}\uc0{\u8203}getting rid of him and I shared this story with my parents and apologized to them for sheltering me in their house.\uc0{\u160} I said, I just want you to accommodate me in your house, I work by myself and take care of myself and my son.\uc0{\u160} But my parents, as always, ignored my words and threw me out of the house with curses and bad prayers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This time I found myself poorer and more helpless than ever, I felt suffocated.\uc0{\u160} I wish I would die so that all my pains and sufferings would be put to an end.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We are now parents of two children, my second child was born after divorce.\uc0{\u160} My life is still going on in the same difficult and unfair way.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I relied on someone with whom I have no emotional connection and we are not mahram from the Sharia point of view.\uc0{\u160} My and my children\uc0{\u8217}s share of life is a narrow and dark room in homelessness and a bite of bread that keeps us alive.\uc0{\u160} But my sister has an ideal and good life, and since she can help my parents financially, she has good relations with them, but I will burn to ashes for a crime I did not commit\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This is called victimization and that\uc0{\u8217}s it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Don\uc0{\u8217}t get used to these stories, this is the life routine of many women in my country!}}\par
\sect
}