{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy27\hr05\min57\sec07}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy27\hr05\min57\sec07}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Oswa is used to hearing her mother\uc0{\u8217}s stories. She falls asleep every night listening to her mom\uc0{\u8217}s stories, but tonight what her mother is telling her is not a story; it is a reality from a distant past. Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s mother begins to tell her a story about a time when no woman had the right to leave the house without a mahram, \uc0{\u8221}Years ago, women could not leave the house without a mahram. They could only leave the house if they had mahram. If a woman left the home without a mahram, she would be beaten and punished. At that time my father had just died, and my brother was very small. He could not accompany my mother outside the house as a mahram, so my mother and I had to play a trick. Whenever my mother needed to go out of the house, I wore boy\uc0{\u8217}s clothes and accompanied her; no one doubted me like this. This is how I experienced being a boy; it was so cool.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Oswa is influenced by her mother\uc0{\u8217}s words. She wishes she could experience being a boy like her mother. Several days pass, and this thought occupies Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s mind. She wrestles with herself whether to talk to her parents about it or not. She does not know how her parents will react after hearing her words, and she is not sure if they respect her decision and accept it. In any case, Oswa is determined to at least try to achieve her wish, even if this effort results in failure. Oswa gets to the point without preamble, \uc0{\u8221}I have made a decision that want share with you; I want to live like a boy from now on.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s parents, whose eyes are wide with surprise, stare at her. After a few seconds, Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s father finally breaks the silence, \uc0{\u8221}Are you kidding? Is such a thing possible?\uc0{\u8221}Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s mother says, \uc0{\u8221}Oswa, are you sure? Have you made up your mind? \uc0{\u8221}Oswa replies more boldly, \uc0{\u8221}I am sure. Dad, please consent! I want to experience being a boy. I want to know what it feels like to be a boy.\uc0{\u8221}Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s mother turns to her husband and says, \uc0{\u8221}What is the problem? She only had this demand from us. We do not have a son, so Oswa can live as our son. Do not you remember that I had the same experience?\uc0{\u8221}Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s father tells her, \uc0{\u8221}I do not object with living you as a boy, but I have a condition: you can live as boy just till we do not have a son.\uc0{\u8221}Oswa did not think the distance between possible and impossible could be so short. She is very happy that her parents let her be a boy and thanks them. Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s mother kindly adds, \uc0{\u8221}From tomorrow morning, you will live as our son.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Eventually, morning arrives, and the first rays of sunlight brighten Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s room. Early in the morning, Oswa wakes up eagerly and happily. She wears the boys\uc0{\u8217} costume that her mother has ironed and prepared for her. Oswa comes out of her room and exposes her new look to her parents. Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s father says, \uc0{\u8221}You do not look like boys yet. Your hair must be cut short. Come on! We have to go to barbershop.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Oswa leaves the house with her father and goes to the barbershop. This is the first time that Oswa steps in a completely male environment. At first, anxiety takes over her entire being, but a few moments later, the feeling of happiness overcomes it. When she hears the barber\uc0{\u8217}s voice saying it is her turn, she sits on the chair in front of the mirror. As soon as the barber takes off the hat that has been hiding her long hair, her black hair falls on her shoulder. While taking the scissors and comb, the barber kindly tells Oswa, \uc0{\u8221}Close your eyes and do not open them till I say so.\uc0{\u8221} Oswa obeys and closes her eyes. After a few minutes, the barber addresses Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s father, \uc0{\u8221}Done, look your son!\uc0{\u8221}Oswa opens her eyes and sees her face in the mirror. She had no idea that she would change so much after cutting her hair short. She looks like a real boy now. She tells her father happily, \uc0{\u8221}Dad! I look like a boy.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}You do not look like them; actually, you are a boy.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Oswa and her father get out of the barbershop. As they walk side by side, Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s father says, \uc0{\u8221}As my son, you should help me in the bakery; you should work with me.\uc0{\u8221} Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s father takes her to the bakery and shows her all the parts. He introduces Oswa to the employees and says that she is his son. After hearing this sentence, Oswa feels that the whole world has been gifted to her, and she becomes excessively happy.Oswa says, \uc0{\u8221}Dad, what can I do here?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}Start your work by cleaning the bakery. You will get paid at the end of the day.\uc0{\u8221} Oswa is excited to hear that she is going to be paid and says, \uc0{\u8221}How great! Very well, I start my work by sweeping the floor.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Oswa works several hours one after another without getting exhausted. At first, she sweeps the bakery, cleans the glasses, and washes the dishes. Then she watches how her father kneads the dough. She asks her father to let her knead the dough, but after trying it, she realizes that her hands are small and incapable of doing this. After that, she decides to sit behind the counter and sell bread. Oswa manages to sell two hundred loaves of bread by noon. As she is counting the money, she turns to her father and says, \uc0{\u8221}Dad, I sold two thousand Afghanis of bread.\uc0{\u8221}Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s father that knows Oswa is tired, tells her, \uc0{\u8221}Baby, that is enough for today. You can go home now. This is your today\uc0{\u8217}s wage.\uc0{\u8221} Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s father takes a hundred Afghanis from his pocket and gives it to Oswa. This is Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s first wage: the money she worked hard to earn. While being indescribably happy, Oswa takes the money and goes home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Oswa runs fast to get home soon and tells her mother everything that happened today. When Oswa enters the alley of her house, she sees a group of five boys who are talking to each other. Oswa approaches them without drawing attention and listens to them. The boy in the blue dress, whose name is Ali, is talking, \uc0{\u8221}Today, we must win the football match at all costs. We just need one more player to complete our team. We must not lose at all. There is definitely someone who wants to play in our team. Who do you recommend?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After listening carefully, suddenly an idea comes to Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s mind and interrupts Ali, \uc0{\u8221}I can play in your team.\uc0{\u8221} All heads turn to Oswa and look at her with surprise. Ali says, \uc0{\u8221}Are not you a girl? Yes, you are a girl. Why have you dressed like that? Why have you cut your hair?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}Because I am a boy. I am going to live like a boy from now on.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}Really? How interesting! Have you chosen a boy\uc0{\u8217}s name for yourself?\uc0{\u8221}Oswa that had not thought about this till now, shakes her head and says no. Ali replies, \uc0{\u8221}You must have a new name. No problem, we will choose a name for you.\uc0{\u8221} Ali starts thinking while putting his finger on his temple. One of the boys says, \uc0{\u8221}How is Arman?\uc0{\u8221}Ali says, \uc0{\u8221}No, this is not a good name.\uc0{\u8221}Another boy says, \uc0{\u8221}What about Salman? I think it is very beautiful.\uc0{\u8221}Ali says, \uc0{\u8221}Well done! Salman is a very good name,\uc0{\u8221} then he addresses Oswa, \uc0{\u8221}we will call you Salman. Do you like it?\uc0{\u8221}Oswa answers with a smile on her face, \uc0{\u8221}It is very nice, thank you.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}Salman is going to play with us. He is the new member of our team. Remember! We must win this game.\uc0{\u8221} Ali shakes Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s hand and says, \uc0{\u8221}I am Ali, glad to have you in our team.\uc0{\u8221} Then Ali introduces other boys to Oswa.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Moments later, the football match starts, and Oswa plays with all her might. She wants to show everyone that she is a good player as others are. She does her best so can maintain her friendship with other boys. During the match, Oswa falls and gets injured several times, but she still does not stop trying to win. Eventually, she manages to score a goal, and all the boys overjoy and hug her. Ultimately, the match ends, and Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s team wins. All the boys admire Oswa and ask her to play with them in the next matches.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gradually, it gets dark. Everyone says goodbye to each other and returns to their homes. Oswa goes home with a heart full of happiness and while she has many things to say. She excitedly and happily tells her mother all the things that happened to her during the day: from working at the bakery to playing football. At the end, she says, \uc0{\u8221}You know mom, my friends chose a new name for me. They call me Salman.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s mother says, \uc0{\u8221}What a beautiful name! I know you are tired; you need to rest so can wake up early. Come on, get up!\uc0{\u8221} Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s mother takes Oswa to her bed and sits next to her till she falls asleep. Oswa with half opened eyes says, \uc0{\u8221}Today was the best day of my life: the best experience of my life. I will never forget it. I am looking forward to coming tomorrow; I like to experience being a boy again. Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s mother kindly replies, \uc0{\u8221}I know this is an unique experience for you. Now you realize that being a boy is as good as being a girl is. Close your eyes and sleep. Good night my lovely son.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}Good night mom!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\sect
}