{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy09\hr15\min43\sec39}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy09\hr15\min43\sec39}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A man called Mbenjere is one of the guys who liked sleeping around with multiple women in his community. When it comes to proposing, they named him lover boy because of how he manages to convince women to accept him. Sometime, he can date three to four women at once without all of them knowing the they are in a relationship with one man. His friend could ask him how he does it but he would just laugh and tell them that he just has sweet pick-up lines when approaching women. This made his friends to admire him sometimes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A person can be a playboy but there is always an expiry date for such people who like lying to women. Sometimes these kinds of men meet play girls who teach them lessons too. Mbenjere approached a girl called Dorcas. He proposed her for almost two weeks and the girl accepted his proposal. Dorcas did not know anything regarding Mbenjere\uc0{\u8217}s behavior of having multiple girls in his life. Mbenjere impregnated Dorcas after they were in a relationship for six months. Without being ashamed, Mbenjere denied the pregnancy. Dorcas was an independent woman and she did not bother begging him to be in her life. She decided to raise her child alone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When Dorcas gave birth, the child that was born looked exactly like Mbenjere. Everyone was surprised why he would deny the pregnancy. The secret behind was that he was irresponsible and could not handle taking care of children. Women are nice creatures to the extent that they forget about how men hurt them. Mbenjere came back asking for apology and begging to be back with her. Dorcas received him with both arms back in her life. This was a very tough decisions that Dorcas made.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After 3 years, Dorcas got pregnant again and everyone was surprised to why she would allow someone like Mbenjere to impregnate her again. After nine months, Dorcas have birth to twins. This time around Dorcas went straight to Mbenjere\uc0{\u8217}s parents together with all the three children. Dorcas told Mbenjere\uc0{\u8217}s father that she will not go anywhere since she belongs to that family together with the three children. Mbenjere was out of ideas this time around. He accepted the children and agreed to marry Dorcas after a long-time torture for Dorcas. Dorcas seemed to have other plans after Mbenjere came back in her life. The plan was to give birth to another child and go straight to his family. Her plan worked and Mbenjere stopped being a womanizer and focus on raising his children.}}\par
\sect
}