{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy26\hr19\min28\sec38}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy26\hr19\min28\sec38}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Ten rain-struck trees, dark brown without a hint of green, frozen just like my fingers under the rain, with the difference that my fingers become redder and redder under the rain, and the trunks and branches of the trees are darker and darker brown.\uc0{\u160}I look so carefully at the field and the trees on the other side of the road, as if a few moments ago I had lifted my foot to slowly put it in a part of our alley where there was less water to reach the road, but my foot had slipped and My clothes were covered in mud. And even now that I am sheltered under the faded green Aida\uc0{\u8217}s house, it has not dried enough to shake its soil. I don\uc0{\u8217}t care, I prefer to keep my eyes on the trees and the fields and my ears on the happy music that comes from Aida\uc0{\u8217}s house. The sound of regular and coordinated dripping of women who drip, hoot and dance to a circular song. I remember the day when I held Aida\uc0{\u8217}s hand and brought her down the stairs of their house\uc0{\u1548} in our alley, this relatively small and dirt alley that was surrounded on both sides by short and tall rectangular houses and the opposite atmosphere The houses were always full of dirty and torn nylon sheets, and sometimes scraps of useless pieces. We sang songs in unison, held each other\uc0{\u8217}s hands and jumped up and down in a circle, and the dirt rose up from under our feet and covered our shoes, legs and pant legs, we laughed and the sound of our laughter was beyond the clouds. It went beyond the blue sky. I bring my hands near my mouth and cup them to warm them up. The rain has stopped, but the sound of music is still playing, Qatghni, Delhi instrument, and a circle, mixed with the sound of women clapping and stomping their feet. A small herd of wet dogs run past me, followed by some children with stones in their hands. The empty field at the end of the farm, when the rain stops, is filled as usual with men who want to throw small iron balls with precise aim into the hole, and a little further, a translation of smaller children who want to throw small glass balls into the small hole and With every arrow that hits the target, their eyes laugh and sparkle, just like Aida\uc0{\u8217}s honey eyes laughed and sparkled the first time I gave her my kite to blow in the air, and she did it in the best way. I remembered the laughing of her eyes on the day when I stared at her under the big mulberry tree when she was doing math exercises with me, and I wanted to say in my heart, but I said it out loud, how kind you are, how accepting, my cheeks reddened from embarrassment and she giggled. She laughed and her voice went beyond the clouds beyond the blue sky. After the girls\uc0{\u8217} schools were closed, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t hear her giggling anymore, and the last time I saw her in the alley after a long time, I held her hand tightly and took her to the end of the alley, which was deserted, looked her in the eye and told her how much I miss her. The sadness in her eyes squeezes my heart, she let go of my hand and said she wants to get married, her words were annoying. The sound of music is spread in the street with the wind, the wind brings the wandering clouds closer together, the rain resumes, the sound of music and the women\uc0{\u8217}s singing gets closer, everyone sings in unison. A group of men come out of the house and dance in the street, women and children also come out, clapping and laughing. Aida comes out with white shoes, a blue chador and a green shawl covering her head, Aida goes out hand in hand with her husband. Her clothes is longer than her height and at the first step she gets covered in mud, the rain falls harder and the crowd disperses quickly. I look, I\uc0{\u8217}m going under the rain, my tears are rolling down my cheeks with raindrops and my fingers are getting redder and redder under the rain.Atefa Qorbani}\par
\sect
}