{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy24\hr17\min24\sec55}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy24\hr17\min24\sec55}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Papa Maji remained with a single option; to board the bus to the Camp. He left his friend\uc0{\u8217}s home, a walkable distance away from the Mbare post office next to the bus terminal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He spent two weeks in the town searching for a job. He had realized all jobs were occupied. Filled with his clothe from Tongogara was his bag hung on his shoulder, his mind is puzzled by the thought of taking nothing home. As he walked through the busy people and tight traffic jams. \uc0{\u8220}Everyone might be working,\uc0{\u8221} he guessed for himself}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mbare is where he met many people from the Camp, Long time friends he thought were not even in the country, and some who left the Camp recently. They spoke Swahili, few in Kinyarwanda but Shona is in the very air. This is not Tongogara where thousands of languages dissolved in beautiful Swahili; a lingual Franca that binds Africa in a microcosm.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Penetrating the bus terminal is a toil; it is some minutes past six o\uc0{\u8217}clock and he is about to miss the first bus. The narrow way he took was filled with countless heavy buses with drivers devising consummate skills to pass each other, hand-driven carts, and many pedestrians passing in close body contact.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Let go, our bus is short with one seat, we are leaving now,\uc0{\u8221} called the conductor \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m looking for Tongogara or Chibuwe bus, is that yours?\uc0{\u8221} Papa Maji asked the conductor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He was pointed to another long bus with a bar of painted tin labeled Cherezi-Kondo-Chibuwe-Tongogara visible through the windshield.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The conductor welcomed him and asked him whether he carried some luggage. \uc0{\u8220}Is this the first bus?\uc0{\u8221} Papa Maji asked. \uc0{\u8220}Sekuru, you need the first bus or you need to reach Tongogara, this time is late for the first bus, it left ten minutes ago,\uc0{\u8221} the conductor in her shilling voice respectfully addressed him in Shona as an elderly man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Papa Maji gazed at his wristwatch and it was displaying a quarter past six already. The time is too early for a second bus that leaves around 8 or 9 o\uc0{\u8217}clock but too late for the first bus.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Sekuru, you are thinking too much, I asked whether you have some luggage. I know you need to smuggle them in but my eyes are open.\uc0{\u8221} The conductor was adamant to charge any sort of load in the car boot.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I have no luggage apart from this small bag,\uc0{\u8221} he replied. \uc0{\u8220}I think it is big enough to be in the boot,\uc0{\u8221} said the irritating and interrogatory conductor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No way\uc0{\u8221} Papa Maji boarded the bus. Big room with many seats for a few scattered passengers, no time can tell when it will be full. He went straight to the window seat. He knew how annoying taking the aisle seat was because not only passengers disturb by their unending movement but the vendors who flood in at any point when the bus stopped but was very much frustrating at the bus terminal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The bus winds up in an hour, this is a different time, the Christmas season. Most people came to the capital to buy all manners of items for Christmas celebrations. The boot is full and all seats were occupied while a handful of individuals stood.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Papa Maji surveyed the town as the bus snaked to the suburb. It is a beautiful drive, a season marked with blossom beautiful Jacarandas, with purple leaves shimmering after a little shower. A slight stale breeze seeped in as the bus bid goodbye to the city view.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The conductor, a heavy set dressed in shabby clothes was combing the bus in her duty of issuing fare tickets while questioning those she suspected may be cheating her in his profitable boot.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}If your luggage is not recorded in your ticket or you don\uc0{\u8217}t have a separate ticket or you didn\uc0{\u8217}t pay at the terminal, it is not your luggage,\uc0{\u8221} said the conductor to frighten the passengers but not long before her last words did a group of individuals came forward revealing their Items in the boot.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At noon, the bus climbed to Welcome to Mutare, a gorgeous open mountaintop that overlooks the city in great depth. A simple inspection carries your sight to the sprawling vicinity at the horizon. Five hours drive, the driver smiled to himself. He has covered the long distance safely.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mutare is where the bus stop for an hour. All passengers alighted to take a break with some to buy the forgotten items mostly groceries, others broke for lunch and a few to relieve themselves or stretch their arms.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The driver was to relax his mind too with at least a glass of beer. It is against the safe traffic rules to drive while drinking but it is conventional wisdom to replenish the energy that steers the driving wheels. The long journey was over but the tiresome drive lay ahead.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Papa Maji remained on the bus. He opened his bible and read \uc0{\u8220}the earthly material. It was a fantastic and fascinating verse. He engrossed into till last the last minute when the passenger came back to claim their seats.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The verse passed his time and it also saved money. Papa Maji has two dollars in his pocket after a long bargain with the conductor won him a dollar. In his thought, he could buy a bottle of soft drink and some cookies wrapped in plastic for his lunch but he can now buy gifts for his two children, however, no step was wasted out of the bus.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He waved to the vendor who presented a huge tray of toys. He bought a tiny perfect doll for Maji and a little car for John. Christmas is booming and any sort of present that triggers a smile on the face of a poor child is a blessing that lights the whole house for eternity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A work in progress\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}