{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy27\hr20\min47\sec30}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy27\hr20\min47\sec30}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My name is Popol. I was born into a large family of twelve children, with my father working as an engineer and a deacon of the church, and my mother dedicating her time to household chores. As the eleventh child and the last member of my family, my life took a sharp turn as I transitioned from primary to secondary school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 During my primary years, I excelled in both academics and physical prowess, earning the admiration and favor of both my parents and teachers. However, the onset of secondary school brought a series of unexpected changes that transformed me into a completely different person. I lost my beauty, intelligence, and strength, and found myself unable to concentrate or perform as I once did.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This new reality caused me to fall behind my peers, and I became known as the cunning one who struggled to keep up with school and society. Despite being my parents\uc0{\u8217} favorite, they began to lose faith in me, as I became increasingly rebellious and stubborn, no longer listening to authority figures. My love for fighting and girls only exacerbated the situation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I entered my final year of high school, I struggled to keep up, but eventually managed to graduate with a diploma. My father, despite my strange behavior, still wanted to give me a chance to continue my studies by sending me abroad. However, our efforts were in vain, as we unknowingly interacted with fake agencies that left us with nothing but shattered hopes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As time passed, my parents grew old, and life became more complicated and difficult. We reunited as a family, and my father, ever loving towards me, decided to give me the largest share of his wealth. However, this act of generosity sparked jealousy amongst my siblings, who resented the favoritism that my father had shown me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Their resentment turned into a dark and sinister plan to end my life, forcing me to flee for my safety. I found refuge in a camp in Malawi, where life was bleak and uncertain, and I had no support to lean on. I was alone, afraid, and vulnerable.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But hope wasn\uc0{\u8217}t entirely lost, and I eventually found a friend who became my sole source of comfort and support. We lived together, ate together, and shared everything we had. Although life wasn\uc0{\u8217}t perfect, I found solace in knowing that I had someone by my side.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since embarking on this crusade with my friend, my life has improved somewhat, and I remain hopeful for the future, despite the challenges I\uc0{\u8217}ve faced. I am a fighter, and I won\uc0{\u8217}t let the obstacles of my past dictate my future.}}\par
\sect
}