{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy22\hr00\min05\sec26}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy22\hr00\min05\sec26}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A JOURNEY TO A REFUGEE CAMP}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is one evening in august 2013, a child named Moses found himself in a wilderness of about 2km2 with his family. They have spent almost four days without food and they are starving but to Moses it is another story since hunger and he never go along. Frankly speaking no one can wish to get hungry and we never go along with hunger. At 12 noon on that day, the situation went worse to the point that he lost his consciousness and when he woke up he found himself in his father\uc0{\u8217}s hands being feed with potatoes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All this started in 2013 when the family decided to flee from Burundi to find refuge in Malawi due to security reasons. The made all arrangement needed including finding money for the journey. Normally, the journey could take five days to a week from Burundi to Malawi but they had to pass to Tanzania. One night of July 2013 the journey begun. The whole family had to walk on foot from Burundi to Tanzania a place called Kigoma. It was not easy since they had to walk almost five hours a t night.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Unfortunately, the journey of five days to a week took three weeks. The money that they have prepared got finished in middle of the journey while still in Tanzania in place called Tabora. His daddy starting searching for help and working in restaurant for food. Apart from that, sleeping was not easy, the whole family had to sleep on the bus station. Feeding a family of seven people in that situation was not easy, some days they had to sleep on empty stomach. Luckily, the family got a help from other people and they managed to reach near Malawi boarder in a place called Tunduma in Mbeya. The family start getting hope but still eating and sleeping were problems facing the family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Before the incidence in our introduction here is that situation that led to fainting of Moses. After spending four days in Tunduma wondering, the family found a person to help them to reach Malawi. Since they had no passports or a papers for travelling, they had to go during night on foot again a journey of three hours. \uc0{\u160}Since it was night, they found themselves in police ambush and the whole family had to run separately. That was a very had moment for everyone in the family. The family spent the whole night running away from police without knowing where they were going. Fortunately, they were not caught and they found themselves in that wilderness the following morning.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since they have spent four days without eating and now they are in wilderness where they are being hit by the sun, Moses could not bear with the situation and had to faint. His daddy could not watch his son die like that he had to run and search for food even though he did not know where to go exactly. Luckily, he managed to get sweet potatoes and tried to feed him. They stayed in the wildness for hours until a certain man who was just passing helped them to reach Malawi and report themselves to Malawi immigration. Malawi immigration sent them to Dzaleka refugee camp after hearing from them and this is where they are living up to today.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}