{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy21\hr11\min54\sec10}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy21\hr11\min54\sec10}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In autumn, it is not known when the sky bursts into tears and starts raining. A gentle breeze pulls each raindrop to one side and changes its path as it wishes. It is like us humans that fate changes our lives not according to our wishes. The city seems more solitude than before but at the same time more restless. It has been months that there is no longer vibrancy as before. When looking at the streets and trees, I can feel how depressed they are; so much that I think every corner of the city will open an eye and start crying.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have to hurry and walk faster. Just in a moment, these drops that touch skin gently turn into whips and rushes into my head and face. I have not reached home yet, but I can hear the children\uc0{\u8217}s noise coming from the alley. They are so engrossed in their own world that no one can disturb their happiness and upset their hearts. I wish I could return to the childhood\uc0{\u8217}s world and get away from adulthood\uc0{\u8217}s world where nothing can make us happy heartily, even for a few moments.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By every step I take, the children\uc0{\u8217}s joyful shouts can be heard more and more. I do not know what mischief they are doing again that has caused such a clamor in the alley. When I enter the alley, I see a triangle in the middle of the alley that is formed by three little boys. A hat is thrown into the air and lands on small hands of boys who are located in the three corners of the triangle. All of them laugh, shout, and say to the boy who is trapped in the middle of the triangle,\uc0{\u8221}Come on! Hurry up! Take it if you can!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The trapped child runs to any boy who grabs the hat from the air and demands to give him the hat. But it is useless. From the three boys\uc0{\u8217} eyes that are shining with happiness and howl while hearing the poor boy please, I can guess that they are not going to stop mischief anytime soon. I have to intervene, \uc0{\u8221}Hey you! You\uc0{\u8217}ve found someone weaker than yourself and started bothering him. Give me the hat!\uc0{\u8221} I take the hat from the boy wearing green clothes and send all three to their home. The good thing about children, with all their rebelliousness, is that they do not defiance adults.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have just noticed the boy\uc0{\u8217}s appearance while giving him the hat. He is wearing a dress as white as snow that is not his size. The wide and long sleeves of his shirt cover up to his fingertips. With every step he takes, his pants\uc0{\u8217} hem is dragged to the soil of the alley which is humid now by the rain. I wonder how familiar his face is to me. Who do these innocent eyes remind me of? The boy takes the hat and sits in front of our neighbor\uc0{\u8217}s home Uncle Bashir. I want to go home before the rain has not soaked me more, but those eyes that seem to hide great sadness prevent me. I ask, \uc0{\u8221}What is your name? Do you live in this alley? Ahhh, where is your house?\uc0{\u8221} The boy shows the house sitting in front of him with his finger as he is playing with his shirt.\uc0{\u8221}This is Uncle Bashir\uc0{\u8217}s house. I know his boy, but you do not look like him at all.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He raises his head for the first time and stares at me with his moist eyes. I found out who these eyes belong to. These are the eyes that could never belong to a boy. I sit on the floor next to her and start the conversation, \uc0{\u8221}Why are you wearing boy\uc0{\u8217}s clothes?\uc0{\u8221} I remain silent for a few seconds and then continue, \uc0{\u8221}Why have you cut your hair?\uc0{\u8221} She dose not reply, so I ask again, \uc0{\u8221}My dear Oswa! Do not you want to answer?\uc0{\u8221} Finally, she replies hesitantly, \uc0{\u8221}I want to become a doctor.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}Well done, you will definitely become a doctor one day.\uc0{\u8221} She smiles as if my answer was what she wanted to hear.\uc0{\u8221}But they will not let me. After all, I am a girl.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She said this sentence so desperately that my heart ached with sadness. I did not know that sorrow can enter the world of a nine-year-old child like this. She continues, \uc0{\u8221}I wanted to play with my sister. I had become a doctor and asked her to play the role of a patient. I wanted to examine her like a real doctor.\uc0{\u8221} She sighs deeply\uc0{\u160} and continues, \uc0{\u8221}But she got angry. Do you know what she said?\uc0{\u8221} She dose not wait for my answer and continues by imitating her sister\uc0{\u8217}s words, \uc0{\u8221}Do you want to become a doctor? What a vain idea. They will not let you. To become a doctor, you have to be a boy first. But you are not. You are a girl just like me. It has been three years since I have been waiting for the schools to open, but they did not. I wanted to become an engineer, but that will not happen anymore. They have closed universities. The Taliban will not let you achieve your goal. You will not become a doctor, never! It is your fault. Why were you born in a country like Afghanistan? How good it would be if they bury us alive. At least we would not die everyday to have a normal life. Allah knows what other troubles we will face. I am afraid of the day when they say that we must have mahram to go to heaven.I listen to her carefully. That is all she needs; someone who lends an ear to her. \uc0{\u8221}I really want to become a doctor.\uc0{\u8221} I tell her, \uc0{\u8221}When we wish for something heartily, we definitely achieve it. Now let me know why you wore boy\uc0{\u8217}s clothes?\uc0{\u8221} She slightly smiles and answers, \uc0{\u8221}Because I am a boy from today. This is the only way I can achieve my dream.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Are you a boy?\uc0{\u8221} I ask her with confusion. She looks at both sides of the alley that no one can be seen as if what she wants to tell me is a secret that no one should know about, and then she continues excitedly, \uc0{\u8221}Yesterday, I wrote a letter to God. I asked him to turn me into a boy so I can become a doctor. You know, we have a parrot that is always imprisoned in a cage. I tied a letter to the parrot\uc0{\u8217}s claw and sent him to the sky. My parrot delivered the letter to God, like in the movies.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I ask, \uc0{\u8221}Well, why did not you ask God and pray to become a doctor? Why did you write a letter?\uc0{\u8221}I asked and prayed, but he did not answer me. Well, God is right. There are so many people on the earth that each of them ask him for something, maybe he did not hear my voice. I wrote a letter to God that maybe he reads it and my dream comes true.\uc0{\u8221}I tell her, \uc0{\u8221}What happened next?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}My letter reached him. He accepted my prayer. Yesterday, my parrot came back, but he did not bring any letter. Later, I found out that God\uc0{\u8217}s letter fell under the house\uc0{\u8217}s door. The words \uc0{\u8221}From God to Oswa\uc0{\u8221} were written on the letter. Now I can become a doctor.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}Is that the reason why you wore boy\uc0{\u8217}s clothes?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}When I woke up this morning, I put on the clothes of my brother Parwiz who is two years older than me. I wanted to comb my hair, but I remembered that no boy has such long hair; therefore, I took the scissor and cut my hair. When my mother realized, she got angry, but after a while she hugged me and cried. And also my sister said she wished she could become a boy like me. You know, she is jealous of me. After that, I went out to play with other boys in the alley, but they made fun of me. I chose a new name for myself. Call me Salman from now on.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I can see happiness in her eyes. I did not think that letter could affect Oswa to such an extent. I just wanted her to not lose her hope to God and not to think that God dose not care about her. It was early in the morning when I found a parrot with a letter tightly tied to his claw in my house\uc0{\u8217}s yard. I opened the letter and read it:\uc0{\u8221}Hello my good God! I know you are busy. That is why you have not answered my prayers until now, but it is not a problem. My God! I want to become a doctor, but here some of your servants do not allow me. They tell me, you are a girl, so you cannot become a doctor. That is why I am asking you to turn me into a boy, so they will not have an excuse for me to become a doctor. I am waiting for your letter. Your good friend, Oswa!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her letter broke my heart and made me so sad. I do not know how many of these letters are sent to God, but none of them received answers. I understood there are still some hearts that struggle to achieve their dreams; the dreams that have been trampled and broken into pieces. The dreams that have no more hope to come true. I could not stop myself. I took a pen and wrote:\uc0{\u8221}From God to Oswa!My good friend! I have received your letter. Your prayer has also been answered. You will achieve your dream.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I did not know that Oswa would take my letter so seriously. I have to do something before this letter hurts her. Neither I want to lie to her and give her false hope nor want to break her heart and disappoint her. That is why I tell her, \uc0{\u8221}Darling! Maybe you did not understand God\uc0{\u8217}s meaning. I think he meant that you will reach your dream in heaven. We humans do not achieve all our dreams in this world. Instead when we go to heaven we will achieve all our wishes. You may not be able to become a doctor now, but in heaven definitely you can.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She asks me with surprise, \uc0{\u8221}Heaven? Does it mean I can become a doctor in heaven?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}Convincing her so easily makes me happy, so I confirm her words, \uc0{\u8221}Yeah, of course. In heaven, everyone will achieve whatever they wish for.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}If that is, so why do not people go to heaven to live?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}It is because to go to heaven, we have to pass a very difficult stage that no one likes. We should die first before we go to heaven.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160}She repeats my words, \uc0{\u8221}We should die?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}Yes! When the time comes, we will all go to heaven. Now get up and go home. Look! The rain has become more intense. You will get sick. Go home and put on your clothes.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Oswa is still sitting and staring at the house\uc0{\u8217}s door. I call her, \uc0{\u8221}Oswa?\uc0{\u8221} With a smiling face as if she has just realized an important truth, she answers, \uc0{\u8221}I am going. Now I know how to achieve my dreams.\uc0{\u8221} She gets up and goes home without looking back. I feel happy about my small success. I get up after a few minutes looking at the sky. As soon as I get close to my house, I hear the voice of Oswa calling my name, \uc0{\u8221}Uncle Amir?\uc0{\u8221} As she sticks her head out of the second floor\uc0{\u8217}s window of their house, tells me, \uc0{\u8221}I forgot to say goodbye. Goodbye!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I answer her happily and move my hand. Then I enter the house and close the door. I have not taken a few more steps when I hear the sound of something hitting the ground from the alley. I come back in panic and open the door. I face the most dreadful scene of my life. Oswa is fallen on the ground in the mud and her white clothes stained with blood. My feet can no longer support my weight. I fall to the ground. The raindrops wash Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s blood from her face and shirt and roll them. Oswa\uc0{\u8217}s words echo in my ears, \uc0{\u8221}Now I know how to achieve my dream. Goodbye Uncle Amir!\uc0{\u8221} What did I say? But it is too late. Oswa has achieved her dream. My little neighbor has gone to heaven.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {}\par
\sect
}