{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy29\hr08\min46\sec17}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy29\hr08\min46\sec17}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A Lockdown Lesson!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Covid-19 pandemic brought a seismic change to our day-to-day lives. From lockdowns, wearing of masks, social and physical distancing \uc0{\u8211} you name it. I was still in my first year of university, always excited about the possibilities of university life. With the vast majority of my life under the watchful eye of my relatively strict parents, moving to a different city for school was my first taste of freedom. The first semester was everything I hoped for \uc0{\u8211} attending my favorite artists\uc0{\u8217} concerts, going out clubbing, and not to mention the live sporting events. The lack of a curfew at the campus residence, coupled with my student ID card, gave me a sense of independence. The first semester was a rollercoaster ride, and I had to thank Joe, my roommate, for keeping me in check academically. He helped me with my studies, and I achieved six merits and a distinction, much to the delight of Mom and Dad.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was geared up for the next semester. A couple of weeks before the semester commenced, I went out for a thrifting spree to rock new outfits. The part-time job I had taken had boosted my finances a bit, and we already had plans for some inter-school bash. However, just a week into the semester, intense reports were coming through that a disease was set to wreak havoc across the globe. It had already started in some parts of Europe, Italy, and from its place of origin in China, particularly the city of Wuhan.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the threat of Covid-19 loomed large, the World Health Organization characterized the outbreak as a pandemic, forcing the government to announce a total lockdown to curb the spread of the disease. That meant all our plans for the semester went down the drain. Everyone went home. The university announced they would make arrangements for online lessons. The lockdown was set for two weeks, but those two weeks turned into months. And slowly, as we adjusted to the new normal, \uc0{\u8221}online lessons\uc0{\u8221} from school were not as impactful as on-campus ones. As naive as it sounds, I slowly forgot we were actually students.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the lockdown rules were being relaxed a bit, we were asked to return to school. Not for lectures but for exams! They were scheduled for a week after the announcement. I was in huge trouble, I had hardly focused on my studies. I hurriedly returned to Harare, to try and \uc0{\u8217}save\uc0{\u8217} the semester. I had 6 days and 6 nights. Not much time, but one got to play the cards they\uc0{\u8217}re dealt with.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On one of these nights, as I accompanied one of my friends to his residence off campus for a very late supper, I recall it was 11 pm. As we walked, a light blue omnibus pulled over, and two men dropped out and grabbed us by the arm, asking us to get into the bus. I thought we were being kidnapped by men masquerading as police officers as they had the force uniform. Inside, there were two more \uc0{\u8221}officers\uc0{\u8221} including the driver. We had breached lockdown regulations by moving around after curfew. We tried to plead with them, play the student card, we even flashed our Student ID cards in desperation, but they weren\uc0{\u8217}t having it. They wanted a bribe instead \uc0{\u8211} 10 dollars for the two of us. It was either that or we were going to the police station. And yes, we had chosen the wrong night to move without any cash on us, and they drove off, presumably to the police station in question.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On arrival, they took the few belongings we had on us, our phones and cards. We were placed in a holding cell, and they said they would attend to us in the morning. They gave us a ragged blanket to use. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t sleep a wink. I was panicking, wondering if it came down to paying a hefty fine, I would be burdening my parents even more. But examinations were my biggest worries. I was already behind, and this had definitely set me back further.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The following morning, the officer in charge called us in. After examining our IDs, he released us. There were no further repercussions. He gave us a stern warning to never move around at night again. I felt an immense sense of relief. We rushed back to campus, eager to catch up on our studies. Exams were only tw}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 o days away!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}