{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy24\hr21\min13\sec41}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy24\hr21\min13\sec41}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My name is Helin}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was born in 1983 in Turkey/Artvin. I have two brothers and three sisters. I\uc0{\u8217}m third in my birht rank in my family. My family was poor. When I was a younger, we moved from the village to the big city.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The life in the big city was very difficult. I finished my primary school and started working in textile company at the age of ten.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I helped my family\uc0{\u8217}s to heal our financial life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I worked in textile for five years but I wanted to go to the computerized accounting courses, that I did by getting enrolled in that course later.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I accomplished my courses succesfully and then I got an accounting certificate. I finished college and two high school on the other hand.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was always working while doing all those things.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had a boyfriend when I was 22 years old. He was a student too then accomplished his military service witch is an obligation for all mens in my country after studies then he started working as an accountand in a hotel. Our relationship lasted two years.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I met someone else and I got engaged with him. I loved him but there were some problems and we couldn\uc0{\u8217}t get over it. So, we broke up.. I was so unhappy but I got better with time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother died when I was 33 years old. I was so sad at that time. My father left us and he got married with another woman.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I encountered someone else again 5 years later from my workplace that I also loved, he was also my employer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For me he was like my soul mate. We did not reflect our relationship to work, usually meeting outside of work; sometimes we had breakfast, theater and museum tours.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He had a daughter and he was seeing his ex-wife because of his daughter, and he bothered me a lot because his ex-wife could not accept his divorce and was always organizing events to spend time together, using his daughter as an excuse.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Later, I left that job. My boyfriend remarried his ex-wife and that made me like a mentally sick woman. One day, after the weeding, he sent me his wedding videos to my cell phone and said some memorable words.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I guess to be unlucky as a spouse, or I\uc0{\u8217}m just getting into wrong relationship in my hole life with wrong people\uc0{\u8217}s. I just don\uc0{\u8217}t know..}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Next, I worked as freelancer in e-commerce for a year, then I realized that I needed a paid job as chief accounting officer and I got a job in that field where I still work right now. I bought my own car that I drive most of the time during the weekends. I\uc0{\u8217}m excited and enjoy that part of my life and the professionnal success that I got in my life. I do some tours into the forest for fun, and sometimes I go to the soup shop after work}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In my freetime, I read a book, play chess, I hangout with my friends or my family, to wacth movies in my room using my computer or sometimes using my phone. Also I wr\uc0{\u305}te a blog page about different topics (healty, books, famous places, \uc0{\u8230})}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When will people enter in my life properly? I enjoy the life as much as possible for me and my next goal is to get my own house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This is my story J}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Good bye.}}\par
\sect
}