{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy20\hr17\min24\sec43}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy20\hr17\min24\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have a baby daddy whom I dated for a few weeks and became pregnant with. When I told him about it, he was happy, accepted the responsibility, and promised to marry me. At that time, I was in my final year of college, with about five weeks left to finish. After I finished school, he told me to go home and take it from there. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t hesitate and went home to tell my parents everything. My father was so mad at me that I moved to another district to stay in peace with my unborn baby. But the man didn\uc0{\u8217}t say anything or even visit me, until I decided to go back home because the living conditions were very bad for me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I asked him to send me money for food or to buy baby stuff, he always made excuses, so I gave up asking since I was working and could sort myself out. I decided to tell his sister, and she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe it, so they bought everything that was needed for me and the baby. The baby was born, and I was still relying on his family since he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t give me anything.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After the baby grew up a little bit, I moved to another district where I was working on a contract. We were staying together, and I was the one doing everything at home, but when he got money, he would spend it on alcohol. I forgot to mention that he was not working at that time, but he would find money through some piecework.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When my contract ended, we came back home and stayed with his family. Then he got a job and moved out to live alone, leaving me and the baby behind. He wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t even send money for salon visits or pads, saying that he hadn\uc0{\u8217}t received his pay yet, so I endured and kept praying that maybe he would change, but he didn\uc0{\u8217}t. Last year, I found a job and moved to the city where I am working, but every month he would ask me for money or ask for loans, but I never agreed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now we are staying together because he has found another job, which I believe is a good one. But since he came, our conversations have changed. Of course, this used to happen before, but now it\uc0{\u8217}s even worse. He is always on his phone, playing games, watching movies and documentaries, and sleeping the whole day because he hasn\uc0{\u8217}t started work yet. We don\uc0{\u8217}t even talk about the future or make family plans, and I don\uc0{\u8217}t even know where to start with the way things are now.}}\par
\sect
}