{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy03\hr00\min39\sec02}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy03\hr00\min39\sec02}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In 2009, I obtained my baccalaureate. Through him, I had had access to higher education institutions. My eldest brother was my adviser in the choice of the Civil Engineering sector. I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t sure what that meant at the time, but I trusted his judgment and he had always been that way, until now. Indeed, he always gave me useful advice. I started this course with joy and confidence, determined to work hard to honor my family. This meant a lot to me.Months earlier, while preparing for the baccalaureate, I had been struck by an illness that had troubled me. I had little by little under the effect of the pain had the disgust of the studies, I did not concentrate enough any more. My motivation for the title of winner had faded. I was bruised inside, but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to express it, I wanted to be the pride of my family. Through this title of laureate, I hoped to continue my training in the Ch\uc0{\u233}rifien Kingdom.With my desire to become a laureate, I had the chance to meet teachers who had trained students who had once been able to distinguish themselves in national exams.The Yanick-Vakaba-Albert trio were proof of voluntarism towards me. This trio will have my respect and consideration forever.Beyond their commitment as teachers, they had offered to help me as a brother in my quest for a winner: I wanted to be among the top five in the Republic. Yes, among the five and if possible the number one of them.With the sole ambition of being a laureate, I had dedicated most of my time to my classes. I alternated between school, simbaya and home. I revised hard.With my incessant outings, my mother was sometimes frustrated to see me absent. She wanted me to take time to rest. I even remember that during some of my vigils in the living room, she often used to say to me: \uc0{\u8220}ankadi Amirou, yahounon walodha!\uc0{\u8221} She wanted me to take the time to rest. She called me to go to bed. To make her smile again, I often said to her: \uc0{\u8220}mi nataye djoni. Moggho migayni. Through these few words, I explained to him that I was going to finish shortly and that I was going to rest soon.Between the consultations with Mr. Tangali Bald\uc0{\u233}, Mr. Chekna Konat\uc0{\u233}, Mr. Z\uc0{\u233}z\uc0{\u233} Go\uc0{\u233}pogui, and my trio of simbaya, the rest time was more than reduced. I was playing very tight.I also remember that I had practically no vacation after the twelfth yearI had spent more than two months obsessing over Mr. Checkna\uc0{\u8217}s pamphlets in addition to my math and physics books that I had bought before the holidays. I expected anything but failure.A few weeks before the examination, I was struck by a painful mix: malaria coupled with typhoid. This situation did not surprise me, these two diseases were on everyone\uc0{\u8217}s agenda. How could it have been otherwise? We lived in unsanitary conditions with practically all infected water.I day came when I was still sick, but out of respect for my family and for all those who believed in me, I had agreed to go to the place of the exam (the LYHNSO school group). My father volunteered to accompany me to the center, it must be admitted that he already saw me at university. For him I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t fail, but we had a different conception of the word \uc0{\u8221}failure\uc0{\u8221}. I entered the room tired, but I had hidden it from my father, I did not want him to worry about my condition. I moaned inside without him noticing.The first day was painful. I had hardly done anything, at least not the way I wanted. At the end of this day I understood that my dream of becoming a winner had passed with the rain. I will not be a winner, at least not for this year. I had to face facts: all my hopes had gone up in smoke. Deep down I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to continue, I just wanted to give up.Internally, I wanted to wait until next year but suddenly an idea came to my mind: could I make my parents suffer who had given so much for my preparation for this exam? I had to make a choice: my ambition or my parents. God knows how many times they had prayed for me.When I had the opportunity to pray with them, I saw them raise their hands to the sky and ask God to help their child succeed in this crucial stage of his journey. I left the mat with a smile at the corner of my mouth saying inwardly, God to grant your invocation according to your understanding of the word \uc0{\u8221}succeed\uc0{\u8221}.What about my understanding of the word \uc0{\u8221}succeed\uc0{\u8221}? Did I have the right to question God? Always in mind: Was God obligated?In 2009, I obtained my baccalaureate. Through him, I had had access to higher education institutions. My eldest brother was my adviser in the choice of the Civil Engineering sector. I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t sure what that meant at the time, but I trusted his judgment and he had always been that way, until now. Indeed, he always gave me useful advice. I started this course with joy and confidence, determined to work hard to honor my family. This meant a lot to me.Months earlier, while preparing for the baccalaureate, I had been struck by an illness that had troubled me. I had little by little under the effect of the pain had the disgust of the studies, I did not concentrate enough any more. My motivation for the title of winner had faded. I was bruised inside, but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to express it, I wanted to be the pride of my family. Through this title of laureate, I hoped to continue my training in the Ch\uc0{\u233}rifien Kingdom.With my desire to become a laureate, I had the chance to meet teachers who had trained students who had once been able to distinguish themselves in national exams.The Yanick-Vakaba-Albert trio were proof of voluntarism towards me. This trio will have my respect and consideration forever.Beyond their commitment as teachers, they had offered to help me as a brother in my quest for a winner: I wanted to be among the top five in the Republic. Yes, among the five and if possible the number one of them.With the sole ambition of being a laureate, I had dedicated most of my time to my classes. I alternated between school, simbaya and home. I revised hard.With my incessant outings, my mother was sometimes frustrated to see me absent. She wanted me to take time to rest. I even remember that during some of my vigils in the living room, she often used to say to me: \uc0{\u8220}ankadi Amirou, yahounon walodha!\uc0{\u8221} She wanted me to take the time to rest. She called me to go to bed. To make her smile again, I often said to her: \uc0{\u8220}mi nataye djoni. Moggho migayni. Through these few words, I explained to him that I was going to finish shortly and that I was going to rest soon.Between the consultations with Mr. Tangali Bald\uc0{\u233}, Mr. Chekna Konat\uc0{\u233}, Mr. Z\uc0{\u233}z\uc0{\u233} Go\uc0{\u233}pogui, and my trio of simbaya, the rest time was more than reduced. I was playing very tight.I also remember that I had practically no vacation after the twelfth yearI had spent more than two months obsessing over Mr. Checkna\uc0{\u8217}s pamphlets in addition to my math and physics books that I had bought before the holidays. I expected anything but failure.A few weeks before the examination, I was struck by a painful mix: malaria coupled with typhoid. This situation did not surprise me, these two diseases were on everyone\uc0{\u8217}s agenda. How could it have been otherwise? We lived in unsanitary conditions with practically all infected water.I day came when I was still sick, but out of respect for my family and for all those who believed in me, I had agreed to go to the place of the exam (the LYHNSO school group). My father volunteered to accompany me to the center, it must be admitted that he already saw me at university. For him I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t fail, but we had a different conception of the word \uc0{\u8221}failure\uc0{\u8221}. I entered the room tired, but I had hidden it from my father, I did not want him to worry about my condition. I moaned inside without him noticing.The first day was painful. I had hardly done anything, at least not the way I wanted. At the end of this day I understood that my dream of becoming a winner had passed with the rain. I will not be a winner, at least not for this year. I had to face facts: all my hopes had gone up in smoke. Deep down I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to continue, I just wanted to give up.Internally, I wanted to wait until next year but suddenly an idea came to my mind: could I make my parents suffer who had given so much for my preparation for this exam? I had to make a choice: my ambition or my parents. God knows how many times they had prayed for me.When I had the opportunity to pray with them, I saw them raise their hands to the sky and ask God to help their child succeed in this crucial stage of his journey. I left the mat with a smile at the corner of my mouth saying inwardly, God to grant your invocation according to your understanding of the word \uc0{\u8221}succeed\uc0{\u8221}.What about my understanding of the word \uc0{\u8221}succeed\uc0{\u8221}? Did I have the right to question God?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 If so, why would I have done it?In discussions with my brother Alpha, I often heard him say: \uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}Africa\uc0{\u8217}s human resources are victims of a tangible reality: disease and hunger.\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} So I had no illusions anymore: I had failed.I was left on the spot without an answer, I was torn between helplessness and shame. It had taken enormous courage for me to decide to continue the examination. I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t going to be a laureate and I knew it, but I was definitely going to be admitted. With what I had done, I was going to cross the finish line: the doors of the university. I had taken this resolution not because I wanted to but above all out of compassion for my parents and for all those who had supported me during this period.It is my brother Alhassane (peace be upon him) who will inquire about my result.On his return he announced it to my older brother, who in turn informed me, but I knew that I could be anything but a winner. I was the third of my school \uc0{\u8220}Africof Lambanyi\uc0{\u8221}. The only joy I was going to have was the smile of my parents. I had had the loftiness to think beyond my little self.In accordance with the schedule that had been established by the authorities, I started the Civil Engineering course at Gamal University. I had found a way to forget the pain of failure. I now saw myself becoming a great engineer like Gustav Eiffel, the one who had built the most visited monument in France: The Eiffel Tower.A few months later, Gamal Abdel Nasser\uc0{\u8217}s program encountered an obstacle: studies in Germany.This new program had a major challenge: it was necessary to master the basics of the German language, the Embassy only gave visas to students who had passed the \uc0{\u8220}B1\uc0{\u8221} test. My Civil Engineering program with its size subjects consumed a lot of my time. Between \uc0{\u8221}structural calculation\uc0{\u8221} and \uc0{\u8221}strength of materials\uc0{\u8221}, the schedule had become increasingly tight.To realize this dream which had begun to take root in my heart, I was forced to make a radical decision: to give up Civil Engineering in favor of the German language. My brother and my father were spending and I was studying.To supervise my training and follow up on my application file for the University of \uc0{\u8221}Bremen\uc0{\u8221}, I had to register at the German language training center with Dr. Tour\uc0{\u233} Mamoudou, a physics teacher who had once done his doctoral studies in the country of Goethe.I had started the training, determined to master the basics of the language in a short time. I had the chance to meet very motivated and ambitious students, like me, they wanted to finish their studies in Germany. They saw no possibility of success in Guinea. Indeed, so many people had graduated without having had the chance to find a way out. It was to wonder at the time if a diploma had its raison d\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u234}tre. For these friends I had met, Germany was the ideal destination to become great engineers. In the homeland of Einstein and Weierstrass, they foresaw something great.My attendance at Civil Engineering classes had become a secondary thing, I spent most of my time reading German books, I had bought several of them in double French-German versions. Through a classmate, I had even been able to obtain the famous book of the time \uc0{\u8220}German in 90 lessons\uc0{\u8221}. I read it every day of the week and was ahead of the language course at the center. Curiously, the professor himself used the same medium to deliver his lesson.Over time I had had a passion for the language of Goethe and the mere fact of knowing that in addition to the French language I had another language filled me with joy and motivation.But contrary to what I thought, the turn of this new language was more complicated than that of Moli\uc0{\u232}re, and the absence of interlocutor outside the class created an additional challenge. By the force of reflection, I developed a method to preserve my achievements: The monologue.Months later, I acquired a thorough knowledge of the language. This result was no coincidence. I had sacrificed my ambition to become an engineer for the benefit of the German language.Weeks earlier, my older brother had assured me that his \uc0{\u8221}Boss\uc0{\u8221} was going to help me with the treatment, which at the time amounted to more than seven thousand euros. An amount so huge, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t even imagine it in my wildest dreams. I was a young boy from a modest family with somewhat inordinate ambitions for success. I had good hope, not in this \uc0{\u8221}Boss\uc0{\u8221} that I did not know personally, but in the word of my brother. I could already see the signed and sealed acceptance letter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He organized a short interview with his \uc0{\u8221}Boss\uc0{\u8221} around an afternoon that will remain etched in my memory forever. We went together, we were with one of his great friends: Grand Daye. I had organized my file with great care, firmly convinced that I was going to get the big missing piece of the puzzle.He was sitting in the courtyard of his factory, and my brother introduced me to him.He looked like a person of great intelligence, no doubt forged by several years of pain, both physical and moral. With my papers, I fumbled so much that I was in a hurry to deliver my message. With supporting evidence, I gave him the point. As it was only a commitment on paper, I had no idea that it was going to require too much protocol.Days later, my brother informed me that his \uc0{\u8221}Boss\uc0{\u8221} had told him about the financial difficulties his company was going through, and that he was unable to help me with the support.I saw myself so close to Germany that at the announcement of this news, I seemed struck by lightning. I felt an intense coolness in the back. The consequences of this failure were so disastrous on the moral level, that I lost a lot of weight. The young boy who was somewhat \uc0{\u8221}bulboul\uc0{\u8221} found himself puny. I had to face the obvious: I had sacrificed two years of my Civil Engineering license for nothing.I returned to Gamal University despite the ardent desire I had to leave for Germany. In the classroom, my eyes were empty, plunged into the shackles of remorse.I tried in vain to catch up with the \uc0{\u8220}sessions\uc0{\u8221} in the hope of getting the ridiculous mark of five out of ten. The teachers didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to give me time, they were apparently busy with other things. The notes had been dropped off and for them there was no hope. It was too late.The only one who deigned to give me a chance was the technical English teacher. He had given us a brochure a few months earlier for me to read. With my English at the time, it was difficult for me to understand.I had found assistance with a friend from the neighborhood named Souleymane, who at the time was giving English language lessons in high school. I went to his house late around nine o\uc0{\u8217}clock in the evening, but despite his assistance, I was unable to pass the test. I had to face reality: I could no longer validate my courses. It was too late.The following year, my friends went to the upper class \uc0{\u8221}L 3\uc0{\u8221}, and I was hanging out in a class that only inspired me with disgust from day to day. I was frustrated by the fact of having failed in the exams, for me, there was no question of staying in license 2. People, who once received explanations from my mouth, saw me everything below them. A friend and competitor from high school even made fun of our difference in level, the excitement in her eyes, which is to say how much the atmosphere had become unbearable.I decided to abandon my classes and leave Gamal forever, without anyone in my family knowing. For my family, I was doing well, and my parents saw a great future for their son. For them, I was going to become a great engineer. I used to show my father drawings that he was looking at. He was proud of me. My son will soon be a great engineer, he probably thought to himself. He was probably happy inside.Days passed, again and again. My parents always saw me at home. They did not ask me any questions, because for them I was a fan of studies and that I could neglect everything except that. The only one who in my opinion understood that there was a real problem was my mother (rest her soul), she knew so much how to read in me what was bothering me. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what the problem was, but her gaze hurt me. I hated seeing her sad.By a stroke of luck, I had contacted an old friend of my brother who had become the director of a private school in Kiroty. I had a talk with him towards the morning and he told me that he urgently needed a Mathematics teacher. He mentioned that the homeroom teacher had had an assignment at a public school.On the spot, I accepted the offer and the following week I began to teach classes as a Mathematics teacher. So I spent my time giving lessons. The pain of failure had a tranquillizer.Through a brother I had known through the \uc0{\u8221}Daawa\uc0{\u8221}, I had the opportunity to officially leave Gamal Abdel Nasser University for General Lansana Cont\uc0{\u233} University in Sonfonia.I had chosen the banking and finance department where Mr. Tour\uc0{\u233} Ousmane taught. Voluntarily, he decided to help me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Under his cover, I timidly began to begin classes informally. Months later, I was officially accepted onto the student list. The trick was played.In reality, behind this smile that I displayed, was hiding a heavy secret: three lost years.The road was going to be hard, but I was not going to have the luxury of choice. The choice at the time was: finish successfully or stir me up. In my mind, a descendant of a scholar (on my mother\uc0{\u8217}s side) could not end his life debased doing your common tasks. This was unimaginable even in my worst nightmares.This degree seemed easier to me than that of civil engineering, in Gamal, I was always with rigorous calculations and drawings. I remembered the tedious explanations of the professors of calculation of structures and resistance of materials. Dr. Novikov Vladimir and Dr. Klokov Alexander were the best in their disciplines.By their mastery, they had earned the respect of all the students. Without any bragging, I was comfortable with calculations since my last years in college. In this new university, the only class that seemed tedious was Algebra. Since the courses were given by Mr. Tour\uc0{\u233} himself, this gave me additional motivation for the course.I had rediscovered the taste for studies and I had only one ambition: to be the valedictorian of my promotion. The goal was set. And I was going to pursue it doggedly.Over time, I had forged an image in this environment that had timidly welcomed me.I had the opportunity to meet open teachers who were ready to help. Unlike my teachers in Gamal who were difficult to reach, those in Sonfonia were closer. Indeed, those of Gamal were too mystified for my taste, seeing a professor was a real headache. The Russians were content to give the course, and the only contact was the amphitheater, classes where some students sat on the floor to follow the lessons. Old classrooms, which had not been renovated for years.My brother told me at the time that some were blocked at the door to enter and others by the violence of the clashes even screamed in pain sometimes.In this new university, I had the opportunity to meet professors who had marked me. Among these teachers was Mr. Diallo, whom the students in my promotion called \uc0{\u8220}GOP\uc0{\u8221} by reference to the acronym for \uc0{\u8220}Gestion des Operations et de la Production\uc0{\u8221}. He was the most relaxed of the teachers of the time, all the students felt at ease with him, finally all those who were serious.He made me responsible for the class because I often provided teachers with chalk. Indeed, I always had chalk in my bag, I took some from the \uc0{\u8220}Mama Kalidou\uc0{\u8221} School Group where I taught Mathematics.Our head of department at the time was an outgoing person who wanted to see his students be role models in the faculty of economics and management.Newly appointed to this position, he wanted to distinguish himself and he often motivated us. He was also one of our best teachers. Indeed, he taught us several subjects among which was \uc0{\u8221}Microeconomics\uc0{\u8221}.I was fascinated at first by this material, I had a certain attraction for the curves he drew during his lectures. The indifference curves and the budget equation reminded me of the graphs from Gamal University.The following year, I met the professor who was to be my role model. He alternated between calligraphic beauty and mastery of the content of his course.Dr. Balla awakened in me a feeling of \uc0{\u8220}perfectionism\uc0{\u8221}. I often wondered how a harmony could be created between calligraphy and the \uc0{\u8221}mastery\uc0{\u8221} of the discipline to be taught.A few years earlier I had met one of his former students: Facinet Camara.Like me, he was often among those hypnotized during the lessons of this professor whom he considered to be one of the best in the faculty. He told me that the latter had been first in the Republic at the Baccalaureate and that he had studied at university in Morocco, France and Canada. My fascination was increased tenfold. I saw in him the embodiment of everything I wanted at the time.I developed a particular interest in his classes, and over time I had caught his attention and a certain closeness was created between us.Apart from his official lectures, he gave private lessons on a variety of subjects that interested me as a student of finance. He showed mastery in everything he taught, the fascination could be read in the eyes of the participants.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The way he worked reminded me of Mr. Kisto (soul rest in peace), one of my high school math teachers whom the Lord had called to him years earlier. Like the latter, he had a methodology that amplified my interest in the course. God only knows how much his way of teaching pleased me. He was a hard worker and over time, he had been able to develop teaching techniques that left no student indifferent.I remember one day I even told a friend at the time that even if Dr. Balla gave a course on sanitation, I would take part. And when today, despite the wounds of the past are still in the process of healing, I confess that I thank Heaven for having created the brutal conditions for this meeting. I would be eternally grateful to him for having made me love economics, for having made me understand the close links they have with politics, and for having, through them, broadened my field of vision.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}