{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy30\hr14\min26\sec12}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy30\hr14\min26\sec12}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sister, Leah I was impregnated and became a single mum by a man who abandoned her. By that time, my sister was in high school, in form four when this happened and that was the end of school for my sister. When she got pregnant, she came to me asking for advice and I had to tell her to keep the pregnancy because abortion was taking so much risk that she could lose her life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My family turned against her apart from myself who was like there for her. She was called a failure and chased, only our grandmother took her in. Due to financial limitations, my sister couldn\uc0{\u8217}t go back to school after giving birth. That time we were so poor that some days we would bath using the same soap that we used for washing the laundry or eat without cooking oil.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When my nephew was about 1 years old, a certain organization came to our community for a survey. When I heard about it, I told my sister to apply. She was selected and that\uc0{\u8217}s how she made a certain amount of money as a data collector. During the survey, my sister met Mphatso who asked for her phone number but she told him that she didn\uc0{\u8217}t have a phone. He just said okay and then gave her 10,000mk for my nephew. He also wrote his number on a piece of paper saying if she needed anything she could call him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two weeks later he came back with a phone. He bought her a Samsung smart phone. He said he liked her so much and wanted her to have a phone so he can be calling her. It was like my sister was dreaming. He told our grandmother \uc0{\u8221}I like your granddaughter, I would like to marry her one day\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After six months Mphatso took my sister to town and they started staying together as husband and wife. He loved my nephew and loved my sister beyond words. He enrolled her into school to at least complete her high school education.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mphatso wasn\uc0{\u8217}t also rich but he was a young man with a good heart and struggling. But he sacrificed a lot for my sister. He sent my sister to a private school to complete her high school. My sister passed well and made it to a public University. I was surprised how happy he was so even though himself never made it to a public University. He has struggled to pay my sister\uc0{\u8217}s fees from first year to fourth year but kept doing it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This year, my sister just graduated. When I see my brother in-law, I feel like shedding tears because this man changed my sister\uc0{\u8217}s life from a nobody to someone. I never imagined that my sister could go to a university and be a graduate just a few years ago after what she had passed through. Mphatso\uc0{\u8217}s actions show the power of love and generosity, and his impact on our family is beyond words. Seeing my sister graduate and knowing the role Mphatso played fills me with deep gratitude and admiration for him. He is not just a brother-in-law but also a true inspiration and an example of kindness and devotion.}}\par
\sect
}