{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr08\min56\sec37}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr08\min56\sec37}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Growing up, I was always fascinated by the beauty of the natural world and the intricate relationships between species and ecosystems and how these looked perfectly balanced and breathtaking at every sight of them. As, I learned more about the impacts of climate change on the planet, I became increasingly passionate about doing my part as a climate change enthusiast to help mitigate these effects and protect the environment.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I came up with an idea of creating a company that would work towards mitigating the effects of climate change. With this idea the birth of Green World Enterprise came into existence. I co-founded this company with my roommate at campus as we shared a similar passion.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Green World Enterprise\uc0{\u160}would produce briquettes (both carbonized and non-carbonized) using biodegradable garbage and providing a solution to poor sanitation in Kampala\uc0{\u8217}s slums. The briquettes were to replace charcoal as a cooking fuel. The advantage is that briquettes were cheaper and offered a more environmentally friendly solution of a cooking fuel compared to charcoal which had brought about rampant deforestation. There would also be additional benefits of this project through reducing living costs in urban areas, tackling youth unemployment, reducing on carbon emissions and countering deforestation. Located in the outskirts of Kampala city in Uganda, the company would capitalize on the market opportunity for briquettes. The target market was schools, hotels, supermarkets and households to provide the initial market.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We started small by empowering the slum dwellers in Kampala through briquette making. With time we started large scale tree planting in Wakiso a village outside Kampala. We later ventured into horticulture to kill one bird with one stone. The fruit growing project would curb the numbers of trees lost through deforestation as well as provide nutritional benefits by providing Vitamin C to the community consuming the fruits.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However, I realized that in order to fully bring my project to life, I needed funding and support from investors who shared my vision for a more sustainable future. A friend of ours we used to collaborate with on various project later told me about a social entrepreneurship competition that would be held in the Month of February the next year. The competition was essentially about coming up with a business plan and the project having both social impact and entrepreneurial reach. We applied to the Global Social Entrepreneurship Competitions that were to be held in Seattle, Washington, USA.After about a month of waiting, we received a confirmation email inviting us to travel to Seattle on an all-expenses paid trip. This would be my first time on an airplane ever! My heart raced with excitement. This was the moment I had been waiting for, my chance to prove myself on the big stage.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The night before my flight was a short one, I hardly slept due to restlessness and excitement. Early morning my mum and sister escorted me to the airport. I was smiling from ear to ear, this all seemed like a movie. It looked like I was day dreaming. A glimpse of the airplane I was to fly in brought shivers to my spine. It was a massive Airbus A340-500 aircraft. I checked in waited in the lounge for boarding time and we were led to the aircraft to board. I got a perfect seat at the window just next to the airplane wings. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help but feel a rush of nervousness mixed with anticipation. The roar of the engines filled the cabin as the plane began to taxi down the runway, and before I knew it, we were soaring into the sky. Looking out the window, I was struck by the beauty of the world from above. The clouds looked like fluffy pillows, and the cities below were like miniature models. I was in awe of this new perspective on life. Despite my initial nerves, the flight itself was smooth and uneventful. I was grateful for the chance to relax and reflect on the journey ahead. We landed at Dubai International Airport for a connecting flight to Seattle Tacoma International airport. The connecting aircraft this time even more massive than the first one, it was a Boeing 777-200LR emirates aircraft. The journey from Dubai to Seattle would last fourteen hours and thirty minutes. It was a very long flight characterized by long naps and getting up to stretch severally.After what seemed like an eternity, the plane began its descent towards Seattle Tacoma Airport, I gazed out the window at the stunning view of the city below. The sun was just starting to set, casting a warm orange glow over the buildings and water of Puget Sound. I felt a sense of anticipation building inside me as the plane made its final approach towards the runway. The pilot\uc0{\u8217}s voice crackled over the intercom, announcing that we were moments away from landing. As the wheels of the plane touched down on the tarmac, I felt a jolt of excitement and relief. We had made it safely to our destination.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Looking out of the window again, I could see the airport bustling with activity. Planes taking off and landing, ground crews directing traffic, and passengers hurrying to their gates, it was a symphony of movement, and I felt like I was a part of something bigger than myself. I was welcome by a family that had been allocated to me by the University of Washington where the competitions would take place. They welcomed me warmly and drove me to their family house.The next morning they took me on an adventure around Seattle, we visited Pike place market, The Space needle, bubble gum wall and finally the Boeing museum of flight. I had the opportunities to taste various food in Seattle and I Loved it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After two days, it was time to pitch before a panel of five judges. There were various teams from different countries at the competitions. I was initially very nervous but had to gather myself up with the reassurance that climate change was something that I was very passionate about and if I was I had the intention of bringing lasting solutions as a climate change advocate I was supposed to perform well at these competitions and get some funding to grow the project and have far reaching impacts to my community, country and the world at large. I performed well and made it to the semifinals stage of the competitions where we were four teams out of the initial twenty that got here. The semifinalist pitched to the potential investors but unfortunately Green world enterprises managed to come out third in the competition.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From this whole experience, being a semifinalist was an incredible achievement, it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t just the accolade that made the experience so special but throughout the competition, I had met so many passionate, driven individuals who were working tirelessly to make a difference in the world in as far as climate change effect mitigation is concerned. I had learned so much from them, and the experience had given me a renewed sense of purpose and direction. But perhaps the most important lesson I had learned was the value of persistence. Making a difference in the world isn\uc0{\u8217}t easy, and there will inevitably be setbacks and challenges along the way. But staying true to our values, and working together, we can create a better world for ourselves and for the future generations.}}\par
\sect
}