{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy11\hr19\min23\sec26}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy11\hr19\min23\sec26}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a small village called Awach, there lived a girl called Amito. She was sixteen years old and lived with both her parents. Her parents were so religious and had high expectations for her. But Amito was a very curious and an independent girl though very bright at school. She was always the best in class and all her teachers liked her.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, she met a boy called John, the driver to the school principal . John was a handsome and charming young man. On top of being handsome and charming. He was a generous man too. Amito immediately fell in love with him at first sight. And John seemed to like her too. Without wasting time, they started dating in secret because she knew that her parents would not approve of the relationship because she was too young for that.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They met often after classes for a few minutes before they both went their separate ways. But one day, Amito missed class and went to John\uc0{\u8217}s house. They went too far and had sex with each other without protection. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what the outcome would be. Few weeks later, she discovered that she was pregnant. She was so terrified because she knew that her parents would be so furious and angry if they found out about her pregnancy. She was so afraid of what her parents would do to her. So she decided to keep her pregnancy a secret from everyone including her boyfriend John because she was scared of losing him if he found out that she was pregnant. She was scared he might reject the pregnancy.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Without knowing what to do, she just kept quiet about it and never spoke about her pregnancy to anyone. Months went by and her stomach grew bigger and bigger but no one suspected her of being pregnant because she naturally had a big stomach. And with the parents she had, no one could ever imagine that she would get pregnant at her age.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nine months later, she went into labour. She was alone in her room and didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what to do. She screamed out loud for help. But no one came. Amito being so strong, she pushed and delivered the baby all on her own. She gave birth to a beautiful bouncing baby boy. She was so scared and exhausted after giving birth. But still, she got up and wrapped the baby with a blanket then took him and left him in front of one of the orphanages in the village. Being so strong hearted, she went to school the next day like nothing happened. She tried to forget what happened but her conscience couldn\uc0{\u8217}t stop hunting and she became so worried about how the baby was.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Amito was unable to concentrate in class, so she asked for permission to leave school claiming she was sick. She rushed back home and found that her parents had returned from the garden already. She opened up to them and decided to confess everything. Her father was so angry and furious that he slapped her so hard till she fell to the ground. He got up and asked her to leave the house. Her parents who were so religious were so disappointed at their daughter because they couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe that she would commit a big sin with all the training they brought her up with. Amito became homeless and so lonely. She went back to the orphanage where she had left her son to get him back. On reaching there, Amito asked one of the orphanage staff about the newborn baby that was found outside the gate of the orphanage. And unfortunately the staff told her that the baby was already adopted by a couple that very day he was found outside. She was so heartbroken on hearing this news but at the same time relieved that her son was okay. Not knowing where to go, Amito decided to go to John\uc0{\u8217}s place so that she could stay with him. On reaching, she explained what had happened to John. But John was so scared that her parents might arrest him. So he threw her out that evening.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Amito went and slept hungry in one of the unfinished buildings in the area because she had nowhere else to go. Early in the morning, she moved around asking for work in people\uc0{\u8217}s gardens. She worked the whole day until she was able to raise enough money to go back to school. Amito was in her final year, she went back to school the following day and continued with her studies. Amito passed her exams and graduated with good grades. She got a job and finally got her life back on track. And although she missed her baby, she knew that he was better off with his adopted family.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}