{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy01\hr12\min37\sec30}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy01\hr12\min37\sec30}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For the longest time ever since I could remember I have had to depend on myself and mature as a child. I was taught to be strong and never show weakness,not by a parent but by the circumstances in life that I had had to pass through. I\uc0{\u8217}ve had to grow up with one parent which led me to have \uc0{\u8220}}{\cf0\f0\i daddy issues\uc0{\u8221},}{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}I do realize that now but that aside. I had never heard my mama tell me she loved me, don\uc0{\u8217}t get me wrong I knew she loved me ,it was an unspoken bond but a tough love sort of situation. That did not stop my young mind from thinking she actually did not love me then because if I ever went a little out of hand I would get the beating of my life, when I flanked in school that would be another whooping. I honestly grew up in fear amid all the chaos around us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember watching movies in the \uc0{\u8220}movie halls\uc0{\u8221} as it was called, it was a lucrative business for the only man who as a refugee could afford a television set, we would pay 100shs to watch a movie. I would see mothers and daughters having a kind of relationship that I had always dreamt of having with my own mama, they hugged often, they spoke about their feelings openly ,they joked around together and played together. Key word being \uc0{\u8220}together\uc0{\u8221}.Slowly I started accepting my fate that I would never have this kind of relationship with mama, maybe it only ever existed in a make believe world, that was the first time it hit me to start writing and creating a happy make believe world. That\uc0{\u8217}s a story for another day\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I never relied on mama every since I was about 10years old, so the first time I got raped, I did not call her,I went straight to the hospital covered in blood. Aside from the fact that the man who was supposed to be my father had done the untold deeds to his 12year old \uc0{\u8220}daughter\uc0{\u8221}and threatened to kill my family, I was scared mama would whoop me for letting this happen to me. So I went to the hospital alone but ofcourse \uc0{\u160}the doctors looked up for information about me and finally called mama. When she came to the hospital she was so mad she wept and I remember waking up and telling her \uc0{\u8220}thank you for coming.\uc0{\u8221} She wept the whole time, that was the first time I had seen her vulnerable.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 being in hospital with mama changed our relationship a great deal. One day I saw her dressing up since we shared a hospital room that had no privacy. For once I noticed that she had aged, no one ever prepares to watch their parent age, it\uc0{\u8217}s difficult to comprehend. A once healthy talk woman had now sagged abit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We had difficult conversations at the hospital,I understood she did the best she could with what she had and I was grateful in that moment because then I realized that we not have the life in the movies because we were facing real life tragedies, running from a war zoned country to a safe new country making us refugees, it was easier for me in a way because I was but a child when it happened and I could adjust easily but she had to start her life over in this new country \uc0{\u160}that was so different from where she had grown up from, different languages and cultures and even the way of life, all that made life hard. Mama had to do the most to make sure I attained the best education at the best schools in the country even if that meant she had to become a house maid so she could pay me in school. I realized how ignorant I was , she was pushing me to become a better person so that we would not have to be house maids in this country but rather have good jobs and far much better lives than we lived.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But she also understood that for me growing up in an environment where we constantly \uc0{\u160}had to run for our lives or had to hear kids at school mock us and tell us we did not belong or permanently got labeled as a refugee ,that made me want a safe place \uc0{\u160}and always craved for validation and acceptance and constant reassurance. I needed that from her and I needed to be a child because it seemed like no one out there understood or loved me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That December at the hospital was the worst day of my life but also became a happy day within the storm and dark clouds. Because I was a kid again and mama took care of me as such, I was no longer another adult at that moment ,but her little child. Whoever said there is light at the end of the tunnel indeed understood that there was a light and a rose flower grew at that light point.}}\par
\sect
}