{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy07\hr19\min01\sec45}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy07\hr19\min01\sec45}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 An Arrogant Headmaster }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was in 2016 when I was working as a primary school teacher at a certain school known as Kingsway Kids Academy. While working there for the past two years, I witnessed how the headmaster was maltreating teachers and cleaners. Each time when a teacher is delivering his lesson in class the headmaster was entering the class and starts telling the teacher that he/she does not know how to deliver the lesson even though the lesson was well delivered. He has never appreciated any person for the work done. Despite humiliation from the headmaster, learners were satisfied with the lessons they replied that nothing was wrong. Moreover, one of the worse habits of the headmaster was arrogance and rudeness. Every morning when we greet him he was replying by shaking his head on both sides. Almost every person who was working there knew him for that.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, the headmaster called us for a meeting in his office and everyone was there. He said we are heading toward the end of the year, and I want everyone to suggest ways how to improve our services at this school. The first teacher suggested that the headmaster should stop molesting teachers at school and that he should respect them. After hearing that, the headmaster fired that teacher because he spoke the truth. And after witnessing what happened, the rest of the teachers stayed quiet while looking at the headmaster. Soon after that, he said that the meeting is over because he got upset and started shouting at us and insulting the teacher who was fired.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next day morning, the headmaster received a visitor who seemed to be the owner of the school but he did not know him. The headmaster asked the man who are you and what are you doing in my office? I do not want to see people like you on my premises. After hearing this the man was shocked and angry. He said to the headmaster you are rude and arrogant because of the position you have and for your information, I am the owner of this school. I have been hearing about your bad habits and the way you maltreat teachers at this school. At first, I thought you were a good person for the testimony I got from my brother who employed you but now you have shown your true colors. Then, the next morning the headmaster was fired. Despite how much time he apologized to the owner of the school and promised to amend his ways but he was denied and told not to step his feet again at the school. Finally, we have seen how arrogance can disturb someone\uc0{\u8217}s career and enable the person to remain jobless. This lesson should teach us all how to respect others and appreciate them for the work they do.}}\par
\sect
}