{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy27\hr12\min43\sec22}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy27\hr12\min43\sec22}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a village laying in between two majestic mountains is a small shack. It\uc0{\u8217}s a small brick house made from mud and thatch. It stands alone and separated from the main village.It\uc0{\u8217}s not painted or decorated. It\uc0{\u8217}s just a house with walls that have cracks and holes. The house is windowless except for one opening which acts as a door. The door frame is absent. Instead of an actual door, a rotten sack of fertilizer is hanging halfway loosely on it. Leaving enough space for rodents and nocturnal animals to crawl through. A cold breeze is blowing into the house. It sends the sack door swaying like a leaf in a storm. At a far dark corner a mouse is biting on another empty sack. Ndaziona wakes up with a start.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She rubs her eyes to adjust to the gloom and yawns for a second. She stands up and looks around the familiar empty house. There are no rooms in the shack. It\uc0{\u8217}s just one big empty room. The room has been divided into sections. The left corner acts as a storeroom and kitchen. On the right there\uc0{\u8217}s the sitting and dining room. In the center is the bedroom.There is no furniture except for the mat she and her two brothers slip on. She lights a fire with figs to try to shake off the cold from the night.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Mariko and Yohane wake up!\uc0{\u8221} She calls to her two brothers who are still sound asleep. They just groan and keep snoring.\uc0{\u8221} I am going to the market. When you wake up sweep the house and find me.\uc0{\u8221} They don\uc0{\u8217}t respond and her voice echoes back at her. In her mind she wants to take a cup of water and pour on her sleepy siblings. She flashes the thought off and walks out the house. The cold breeze embraces her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The whole mountain is covered in fog. She hugs herself to keep warm. The clothes she is wearing cannot barricade her from the petrifying cold. They are tattered and have lost their color. The cold gravel and sand bite at her feet. She cannot afford shoes or warm clothes for herself and her brothers. Mariko is ten and Yohane is eight. The fact that she\uc0{\u8217}s the only one who can provide for them is a huge burden her parents and elder sister left for her. Sometimes she can still feel their presence. How her father used to be a hard worker and a wealthy man. He owned huge fields of maize and cassava. Every year they would harvest tons and tons of maize. They also raised cattle and goats. Everything was perfect before they passed on in an accident not far from there. The car her parents were in hammered with a truck. In the report by the police it was mentioned that the truck driver was drunk and he had lost control of the monstrous automobile. She wondered how someone\uc0{\u8217}s enjoyment would cause so much damage to someone\uc0{\u8217}s else\uc0{\u8217}s life? A whole generation put in misery for one grave mistake.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When her relatives found out about the accident, they promised to take care of them. They came with smiling faces and warm hearts at the beginning. Everything changed soon after the burial. Their uncle was the first one to sell the land and house. The livestock disappeared after. When they were done snatching everything from the poor kids, they left them for dead. Ndaziona was fourteen by then. Her big sister fled away with her boyfriend soon after that. She hasn\uc0{\u8217}t talked to her for years. She has heard some rumors that her big sister Mundiwa has a job in town and is living a good life. Coward! She thinks. It has been ages since she saw Mundiwa. She has even forgotten her sister exists. She was left with her two siblings and nothing to fend for themselves. All she was left with were old rusty pots, a few plates, one spoon, a sleeping mat and a leaking house. They have been struggling with finding food for each day ever since. Nobody is going to rescue them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The village is alive and awake as she descends down the hill. Everyone is running up and down going about their daily businesses. The shops have already been opened and early customers are clouding the counters for supplies. A skinny black dog is struggling with a bone on the balcony of one of the shops and it makes her hungry.The sun hits her on the face as she comes to a halt near an old maize mill. It roars with energy and power. The familiar stench of wet sour maize greets her. She takes a deep breath and closes her eyes. This is where she spends her days. She peeps through the window and sees women running up and down inside. They are carrying winnowers and buckets full of maize flour. The owner of the maize mill is busy directing and giving orders to ganyu boys who carry huge buckets of wet maize into the machine for shelling. She has memorized the whole system at the maize mill. First they sock the maize and then put it in a machine to remove the husks. Then it is taken into another machine which grinds it into flour. The warm flour that comes out on the other end is collected in sacks or buckets through a piece of cloth wrapped around the machine. When the grinding is done, the owner hits the metal two times signaling for another bag of maize to be poured into the mouth of the machine. It is during these transitions that she gets the chance to collect some debris of flour on her dirty and tattered chitenje. The process is tricky and challenging because the owner doesn\uc0{\u8217}t like dirty homeless children like her messing around the machine. He\uc0{\u8217}s not kind to them. She swallows hard and enters the maize mill. She squats next to a bag of maize and prepares her chitenje for the holy task. It is the only way she can get food for her brothers back at home. Thus, it\uc0{\u8217}s worth the risk.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}HEY YOU! GET OUT OF THERE\uc0{\u8221} shouts a woman covered in flour from head to toe. Her hair is white like a thousand strings of twine embossed into her scalp. She is dressed in a white chitenje you wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t differentiate her with a hundred bags of maize piled next to her. She is the maize mill owner\uc0{\u8217}s mother. The boy she is shouting at is sticking his hand inside the receiving cloth with dirty wet hands. His name is Mavuto, an orphan like Ndaziona. The only difference is that he\uc0{\u8217}s a nutcase and a trouble maker. He blows his nose and wipes it with the back of his palm. He uses the same hand to collect flour from the cloth. Disgusting! Ndaziona declares.Two strong ganyu boys grab and drag him outside. Everyone is busy; they don\uc0{\u8217}t even notice the little scene. The mill owner is giving change to an old woman with wounds all over her face. She looks pale and her face is swollen. Poor woman. As he\uc0{\u8217}s distracted, Ndaziona waits for the next bag to finish grinding before she makes a move.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By the time Ndaziona collects enough flour for dinner it\uc0{\u8217}s already evening. Collecting good flour at the maize mill takes long and good timing. Her task is not yet done. She has to go to the vegetable market to scavenge for tomatoes and vegetables. She bumps into a little boy carrying a huge basket running and out of breath. \uc0{\u8221} I\uc0{\u8217}m sorry,\uc0{\u8221} he apologizes. She stares open mouthed down at the flour spread on the wet ground. She is not sure whether to begin crying or picking the flour. Before she bends to collect her chitenje, chickens are all over it. In her heart she curses the little boy and the chickens. She wanders around the market for hours in hope of finding something worth cooking. It\uc0{\u8217}s almost dusk and it\uc0{\u8217}s getting cold. She clasps her shoulders and decides to return back to the shack early.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Exhausted and sweaty Ndaziona heads back home empty handed. It\uc0{\u8217}s dark and the crickets are chirping in the nearby thicket. She steps on a sharp stone and it gnaws into her right foot. She sits down , cuts a piece of her chitenje and bandages herself. Her tear glands are dry yet she feels so much pain. Staring into the starless sky she feels hopeless. There\uc0{\u8217}s no one to carry her from here. She is lost in solitude. Ndaziona thinks she might die alone and nobody would miss her except for her little brothers. She\uc0{\u8217}s lost in thought when suddenly she sees a headlamp coming towards her. She steps aside and a motorcycle passes by from the direction of her house. There\uc0{\u8217}s two riders on the motorcycle. One is a man wearing a red helmet and the other is a woman. She can tell the second rider is a woman by the headgear on her head. The one at the back waves at her and the automotive disappears into the gloom. Who could that be? She wonders. Nobody visits them. She stands up and dusts herself and limps all the way to the lonely shack in between the mountains.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the small shack gets into view, Ndaziona hears the cry of a baby. At first she thinks she\uc0{\u8217}s imagining things. As she gets near the small house, the cry gets louder and more real. She\uc0{\u8217}s scared and freezes for an instant. Legend says that some hyenas from the mountains sometimes come down and invade houses. They disguise themselves as babies and even cry like one. She grabs into a shrub and uproots it. The sand spreads and scatters into her mouth. She spits the dump wet salty mud and sneaks into the house. With the weapon in hand, she feels some courage and strength. She enters the house silently and alert. The baby has stopped crying which becomes disturbing to her. Has the hyna left? She asks herself. Maybe it heard her coming. As she tries to adjust to the gloom, she sees a figure at the corner of her eyes and her heart skips a bit. What in the world could that be? She walks near it with trembling hands and a familiar female voice calls her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Ndaziona, is that you?\uc0{\u8221} Asks the voice. She does not respond. Standing wide eyed and out of breath, Ndaziona freezes at the sight of her big}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 sister.}}\par
\sect
}