{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy07\hr10\min05\sec43}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy07\hr10\min05\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The roaring beast made an alarming sound as Thompson applied emergency breaks upon reaching the entrance gate of Verandah lodge. For a patron who was now well known for his regularities, he did not have to go through the mandatory strict security protocols as he entered those premises.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}She is waiting by the pool shelter\uc0{\u8221} uttered one of the security details.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Many thanks my man, I owe you a drink\uc0{\u8221} he responded passionately as he moved in the direction of his partner.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Upon reaching the pool side, he discovered that she had moved a couple of yards away viewing the picturesque hills that lied in the opposite direction of the lodge. The sharp flash of lights from the lodge helped in illuminating these natural features as they added to the lure and beauty of the lodge\uc0{\u8217}s surrounding. They mutually charged towards each other with blistering zeal as they hugged, kissed and fondled each other relentlessly. Playing in the background was \uc0{\u8220}Think twice\uc0{\u8221} by Celine Dion. The romantic music augured well for the ensuing scene as the two continued with their mutual indulgence.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t give a damn who is watching us tonight\uc0{\u8221} he said whilst squeezing himself allover her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Manners maketh a man\uc0{\u8221} she replied in jest as she reciprocated his romantic gestures.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Thompson and Lydia decided to transfer their sexual preliminaries to the inside of the lodge where they did not take time to pay for their booking room. What flabbergasted one of the male guests was the carefree attitude both showed as they went about their deliberations. From their entrance, through their front office reservation session, up to their booking room disappearance, the two neither let go of each other nor even observed the presence of people with any degree of inhibition.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}This world is full of wonders\uc0{\u8221} uttered the flabbergasted male guest.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Life is too short, enjoy it before the termites enjoy your dead body\uc0{\u8221} replied one lady who was sipping gin and tonic next to him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The uttered words did not seem to have much of a bearing on the two mutually engrossed partners who giggled as they checked in for their contraband. The housekeeper had given them a key to a room next to the one they had occupied the night that was.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}This isn\uc0{\u8217}t the key to this door\uc0{\u8221} he loudly expressed his concerns.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s written room 6 and this is room 5\uc0{\u8221} replied Lydia upon discovering that the keys were not assigned for the room he was trying to open.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You are such a darling\uc0{\u8221} he retorted as he moved to open the right door.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The two looked at each other before telepathically bursting into laughter which astounded the onlooking housekeeper who had approached upon hearing their loud key-related conversation. Thompson who had spent his saloon hours in a state of eerie was now in a totally different mood. It had never occurred to him that he would suddenly get carried away by a woman\uc0{\u8217}s bedroom exploits to such an extent. The two wrestled and played like small kids as they impatiently and violently undressed to go about their intimate adventure.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You are going to make me pregnant\uc0{\u8221} she murmured to him soon after their quenching session.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I thought you said that\uc0{\u8217}s what you neeeed?\uc0{\u8221} he replied romantically.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Of cooourse, that will change my life completely\uc0{\u8221} she asserted her position.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Then be my guest darling\uc0{\u8221} he said sentimentally}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The two who had never let loose of each other upon meeting continued with their intimate mannerisms, this time around behaving as though they were the only people in the lodge. They laughed, giggled, and spoke as though they were high on something.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I need one or two glasses of Four cousins\uc0{\u8221} she said invitingly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The feeling is mutual; I am thirsting for wine too\uc0{\u8221} he responded.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I got you, lest you\uc0{\u8217}ve forgotten that you told me that\uc0{\u8217}s your favourite yesterday\uc0{\u8221} she continued.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes of course\uc0{\u8221} he replied as he got up to dress before taking to the lodge bar to do the onus.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In no time he was back holding a bottle of Four cousins with his left hand, with the right one holding two glasses. Accompanying him was the waiter who was holding a bowl of ice cubes. He peeped through the open door of their booked room before turning his sight backwards.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Thank you so much, I owe you a drink\uc0{\u8221} he said as he received the ice bowl by the doorway.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}My pleasure\uc0{\u8221} replied the smiling and courteous waiter as he warded off.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As Thompson closed the door Lydia who was in an equally high mood jumped to clutch his shoulders from behind. He turned his head to do justice to the kiss invitation that Lydia\uc0{\u8217}s nonverbal cue was suggesting. They temporarily forgot about quenching their wine appetites as they caressed each other to the bed. Immediately, the room got enchanted with overwhelming tosses, turns, twists and shouts.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You are driving me insane Lydia\uc0{\u8221} he admitted as he let go of her to pour some wine to their glasses.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At that juncture, she just stared at him smilingly as she inclined her back against the surface of the bed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}There must be something inside this stomach now, I can feel it already\uc0{\u8221} she purported as she rubbed her flat bare tummy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t fire blanks; I am a man and half\uc0{\u8221} he arrogantly declared as he handed Lydia her wine glass.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t believe that you told me, you must be having a kid somewhere Thom\uc0{\u8221} she said as she extended a cheek kiss to him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I must have my first one with you\uc0{\u8221} he uttered teasingly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}My husband will shoot the man and half out of you\uc0{\u8221} she retorted as she put her arm around Thom.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At that juncture, Thompson remained mum. The mention of the word husband seemed to have taken an adverse toll on his wild mood with sudden veracity. In reality, Lydia was married which rendered Thom a side dish. He looked at her quietly as they downed their glasses of wine.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I may not be your husband, but I will be the father of your child\uc0{\u8221} he said with some degree of self-consolation and humility.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry Tom, nothing will stop you from having me\uc0{\u8221} she softly said reassuringly upon discovering that her partner was somewhat drifting off his joyous mood.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The two finished their second glasses before going for their third, fourth and fifth, after which they decided to move to the lodge bar to have a feel of the musical atmosphere. Upon their entrance, they were met by eyes of other revelers who were having the times of their lives as they grooved to the DJ Black Coffee house tune that was being belted out at the time. With encapsulation having gotten the better of them, joining the ensuing dancing was more like a reflex action. Lydia who occasionally drank could not control her sobriety faculties as she staggeringly danced whilst holding Thom\uc0{\u8217}s hand for support. After all, dancing is good for one\uc0{\u8217}s health.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Get down\uc0{\u8230}Get down\uc0{\u8230}Get down\uc0{\u8230}Get down\uc0{\u8221} she chanted at the top of her voice whilst dragging Thom as she went down in rhythmic coordination with the playing music.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Suddenly the less noisy bar became a true definition of itself as Lydia and Thom went about dancing, fidgeting, whistling and screaming uncontrollably. They drunkenly dragged each other to their room where they had to spend the night. For all his road unscrupulousness, Thompson never liked driving whilst drunk. That being the case, there was some level of smoothness and logic in his rough and illogical road behaviour.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}