{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy16\hr23\min38\sec05}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy16\hr23\min38\sec05}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This story tells about a couple of which the husband used to cheat on his wife and one day his wife caught him in a bar wanting to get in a room together with his girlfriend.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr Manu and his wife Elena got married to each other in 2015 and were living in Uvira from that time until 2020, the year the wife left her husband after catching him with a girlfriend at a bar.It was in June 2020, four months later after Mrs Elena had given birth, Manu told his wife to cook lunch for him. Elena also accepted and cooked it quickly because the husband showed to be very hungry. After cooking the meal, Elena put it on the table and welcomed her husband for eating. While Elena was talking to her husband, the phone of her husband rang and the husband quickly went outside to answer the call after noticing the number of his girlfriend . When the wife saw the husband going outside, she silently followed him and stood at wall near the husband. During the conversation, the wife heard the voice of his husband\uc0{\u8217}s girlfriend (Fatu) asking him to meet her at Tanganyika bar.Before the conversation ended, Elena quickly returned inside the house and kept quiet. Then after the conversation, the husband intered the house and lied to have been speaking to his uncle about the policemen who went to arrest him without knowing the reason. And from this, he instructed the wife to return the meal to the kitchen in order to quickly go to help the uncle and he immediately left home for the destination . Knowing that the destination was to Tanganyika bar, the wife also secretly walked behind her husband until she reached the place. Reaching there, the wife saw at distance, a lady called Fatu wearing a sexy dress standing up at the entrance of the bar and the husband hugged the lady before entering the bar. After a while, Fatu met her colleague at the entrance returning home, she stopped there and began talking to her colleague. While the two colleagues were talking, Manu went inside the bar to book a room. When Elena saw that, she went straight to Fatu and pulled her to under a tree where they began disputing . During the disputes, Elena seriously injured Fatu before the intervention of some citizens who separated them. The citizens asked some questions to both but only Elena who explained everything to them. When the citizens heard the explanations, one of them went inside the bar and brought Manu who knew nothing happening outside. Arriving at the place, the husband got surprised and became very shameful the time his wife was explaining everything to the crowd surrounding them.To make the story short, the citizens advised both ladies to go back home and took the man to the police and the case resulted in the imprisonment of 5 years. When Elena reached her place, one day later, she finally decided to leave her place for Burundi where she is living until today.}}\par
\sect
}