{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr12\min51\sec11}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr12\min51\sec11}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 An Unsafe Commercial Journey}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mwenakaya is a Congolese citizen. He lives in the Congo\uc0{\u8217}s South Kivu Province in Uvira territory, in Sange village. His main activity to generate income is commerce. On Mondays and Fridays, Mwenakaya travels from his village to Bukavu, the capital city of the South Kivu province, using National Road Number 5 (RN5) to collect goods. Currently, he fears traveling through RN5 because of the loss he got when they encountered an armed group of seven males while they were going to Bukavu.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On a Monday in July, during the dry season, Mwenakaya entered a bus from Uvira, a town about 45 kilometers from Sange, to purchase goods. Like other passengers, he paid $5 for transportation. While traveling, a group of armed people stopped the bus at Katogota at 9 am and obliged everyone to avail everything they had. Passengers gave everything they had, including money and fish. Mwenakaya had $500 and some fish to give to his relative. The amount of money and fish were also taken. Then, everyone was told to move out of the bus and lay on the ground. Looters took everything they could carry and burned the bus. When leaving, they decided to go with four passengers, including the driver and Mwenakaya. A young man aged 32 refused to go with them and he was shot immediately. Looters shot and wounded three people who were Mwenakaya and two women before leaving.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After the looters had gone for ten minutes, some soldiers from the Congolese National Army arrived at the setting to intervene. The remaining passengers explained what happened and showed them the way the looters took, and the soldiers started following them. After some minutes, gunshots started. When the looter heard them, they started running but two of them were killed. They throw away some of the things that they looted but soldiers happened to bring them back. Two of the kidnapped people got the chance to run away as well and the looters went away with one passenger, Mwenakaya. At 5 pm, the looters called the kidnapped person\uc0{\u8217}s family members to request a ransom. They requested US$5000 to have their family member released otherwise Mwenakaya would be killed. The family members had no money to pay for the ransom and Mwenakaya experienced enough torture.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The following morning, soldiers from the Congolese National Army went to look for him. When the looters saw them, they ran away and left the victim behind. They met him tied to a tree after experiencing enough torture (he was wounded and his body was full of blood) and spent the previous day without eating. The soldiers had nothing to give him as food but untied him and took him home. The family and the entire community were grateful to the soldiers because of the human deed they did. Currently, looters are still operating in the Congo\uc0{\u8217}s South Kivu province. Many of them are groups of militias that harm community members. They kill, kidnap, rape, and loot their properties. Mwenakaya has temporarily stopped doing commercial activities.}}\par
\sect
}