{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy22\hr10\min22\sec39}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy22\hr10\min22\sec39}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I can still vividly remember my arrival to what i now call a home. A place where if i go for holidays, I still crave to come back to the beautiful feeling that the place carries with it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was ten then and as we approached the last bus stop to our final destination, my heart sank as we approached a dusty filled looking small town. It was as if one had sprinkled some flour on both the trees, houses and the people. One could hardly tell who had taken a bath and who had not, not because people were looking dirty but simply because it was so dusty and brown everywhere. The air was hot and humid, and as the bus came to a stop\uc0{\u8230}quite a number of kids and women came to watch the new arrivals. The most interesting part was that I could hear more than five languages from different people and I was astonished!!! \uc0{\u8220} What place is this?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Soon someone who sounded with a familiar ascent\uc0{\u8230} (Swahili), came by and I knew that could be my uncle whom my dad talked so much about. He looked like all others, the only difference he could speak what I could understand. I started to notice more people speaking the language I could hear and I realized it must be a Multi- cultural society.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our arrival was expected and so we were well received and uncle Paul directed us where new arrivals are taken to\uc0{\u8230}. known as the transit. The place looked like a big hall with divided chambers for different families to mark their boundaries for privacy. Everything looked quite interesting for me, here people would shout on top of their voices to communicate and with the intense heat. It felt like one of those rare moments you have in a busy market\uc0{\u8230} only that little did I know this was going to be our lifestyle\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}