{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy02\hr14\min21\sec31}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy02\hr14\min21\sec31}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It all started about three years ago when my wife, Angela, decided to stop touching my phone. This was a decision she made on her own, and it marked a turning point in our relationship. The constant arguments and fights that had once clouded our marriage slowly faded away. It was as if we had turned a new leaf, finding joy in each other\uc0{\u8217}s company and spending quality time together. We became a team, doing most things hand in hand, and I took pride in being the provider and protector of our family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However, this Wednesday, our peaceful world came crashing down. That morning, I had left my phone on the table in the sitting room, unlocked, as I was watching a video clip on tiktok. I had stepped out for a brief moment to speak with our guard, who had come to tell me that our dog had just given birth. As I made my way back inside, I was met with a sight that sent chills down my spine. Angela was in tears, holding my phone, her face a mixture of shock and pain.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I rushed to her, trying to understand what had happened, but she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t speak. Her eyes were wide with disbelief, and before I could say a word, she fainted. Panic set in as I carried her to the car and sped off to the nearest clinic, my mind racing with fear and confusion. It was only later, when she had been attended to, that the weight of the situation hit me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Angela had discovered my hidden life, a collection of messages with over three women and girls that I had been secretly involved with. She had seen everything, every secret rendezvous. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t just see them, she took screenshots of it all and sent them to both our families. I was exposed, caught red-handed in the web of lies I had spun over the years. When she recovered, she decided to go to her mother\uc0{\u8217}s place and stay there. I sent her a message on WhatsApp to apologies that reads:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I know I am at fault. I am not here to make excuses for myself or to justify my actions. My wife, you every right to feel betrayed and hurt. I love you deeply, and the thought of losing you is unbearable. Yet, my actions have spoken louder than any words of love I could ever say. If you hadn\uc0{\u8217}t seen my phone that day, we would have been on our planned road trip together, creating more beautiful memories to add to our years of marriage. Please know that none of those women matter to me. You are the one I vowed to love and cherish for the rest of my life. I am deeply sorry for the hurt I\uc0{\u8217}ve caused you, and I would give anything to turn back the clock and undo the pain. I want to be the husband that God intended me to be for you, the man who stands by your side through thick and thin.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Please, don\uc0{\u8217}t let the voices around you drown out the love we\uc0{\u8217}ve shared. Remember our daughter and son, the joy they bring into our lives. Consider the nine years of marriage we\uc0{\u8217}ve had, the bond that\uc0{\u8217}s grown stronger with each passing day. Think about whether ending it all is truly worth it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am here, waiting with open arms, ready to make amends and fight for our love. I pray you\uc0{\u8217}ll find it in your heart to forgive me, to give us another chance. I love you, Angela, more than words can express, and I will do whatever it takes to prove that to you\uc0{\u8221}. She has ignored my message but I saw that she read it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since that fateful day, I haven\uc0{\u8217}t seen Angela. The house feels emptier without her presence, and the silence is deafening. I am aware that her family is advising her to consider divorce, and I can\uc0{\u8217}t blame them for wanting to protect her from further pain. But I hope Angela will find it in her heart to remember the life we\uc0{\u8217}ve built together. The laughter, the love, the challenges we\uc0{\u8217}ve overcome, and most importantly, our children. They deserve to grow up in a home filled with love and understanding, not brokenness and regret.}}\par
\sect
}