{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy17\hr12\min26\sec54}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy17\hr12\min26\sec54}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Apple}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The night, with all its might, had spread darkness over a bustling city, but the streetlights and building lights were fighting back against this darkness, flaunting their power. This display of strength and struggle between the two sides of the battle continued, and as we approached the end of this fight, the building lights began to go out one by one, ceasing their fight, and the night prepared to relinquish the battle in favor of daylight and temporarily leave the battlefield to recharge.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the late hours of the night, the few people remaining in the city\uc0{\u8212}those who had worked late or returned from a party\uc0{\u8212}headed towards their homes in groups, eager to reach their warm and cozy abodes to rest in their safe havens. It was as if they, too, wanted to regain their energy for another day in the arena of life. Being with their families, enjoying a delightful dinner with them, watching a late-night comedy show, and finally sleeping in a soft and peaceful bed with the sound of crickets conversing in the midnight air, was the simple joy for many of these individuals.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In these final hours, in a corner of a street that was gradually becoming deserted, our gaze falls upon a car parked at the side with its driver fiddling with a mobile phone. Before we, too, head to our homes for a peaceful night\uc0{\u8217}s sleep, we decide to indulge in a bit of curiosity and peek inside the car to see why the owner hasn\uc0{\u8217}t returned home at this late hour and is still engrossed with his phone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The car owner is a tired man with somewhat disheveled clothing. He is wearing a white, slightly dirty shirt with sleeves rolled up. He looks at his mobile phone with one hand and stretches the other, likely due to fatigue from continuous hours of driving. As messages pop up on his phone, we soon realize that the car owner is a ride-share driver, and from his glances at his phone, it\uc0{\u8217}s evident that he is contemplating taking one last ride.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In this Hamlet-like hesitation, when a short trip with good pay comes through, he finally sets his doubt aside and vows that this will be his last trip for the day before heading home. The driver starts the car, drives a few meters, and reaches the passenger\uc0{\u8217}s pickup point. An exhausted old man in a gray suit and a brimmed hat, showing his enduring affection for his youthful style and little connection to modern advancements, matches the car\uc0{\u8217}s license plate with the message on his old mobile phone and waves to the driver before getting in.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The driver greets the old man with a nod and starts driving without speaking. The old man fumbles with his phone for a few minutes and finally, a bit exasperated, says to the driver, \uc0{\u8221}Son, I don\uc0{\u8217}t understand technology. My kids told me I could pay my fare online without using cash, but now I\uc0{\u8217}m confused and don\uc0{\u8217}t know what to do. In the old days, we\uc0{\u8217}d call a taxi service, they\uc0{\u8217}d send a car, and we\uc0{\u8217}d pay them directly. Back then, money had more value and blessing. Nowadays, with these gadgets, one doesn\uc0{\u8217}t even know when, where, and how they spent their money. These youngsters insist that we old folks must use this technology. Now, if you don\uc0{\u8217}t mind, I\uc0{\u8217}d like to pay you in cash.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The driver, seemingly tired of the old man\uc0{\u8217}s talkativeness, says quietly, \uc0{\u8221}The world progresses, and we need to keep up with it to understand it and have something to say. You can pay in cash, no problem, sir.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man takes a small wad of bills from his coat pocket, counts some, and hands them to the driver, saying, \uc0{\u8221}You\uc0{\u8217}re right, young man. To have something to say and not be isolated, we must keep up with technology. Here\uc0{\u8217}s your money, keep the change.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The driver takes the money, places it on the dashboard without counting, and the old man asks, \uc0{\u8221}Aren\uc0{\u8217}t you going to count it?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The driver replies, \uc0{\u8221}No, sir, there\uc0{\u8217}s no need. If it\uc0{\u8217}s more, you\uc0{\u8217}ve given me extra; if it\uc0{\u8217}s less, don\uc0{\u8217}t worry about it, it\uc0{\u8217}s on the house.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man, pleased by this response, reaches into his coat\uc0{\u8217}s side pocket, pulls out a spotless yellow apple, and offers it to the driver, saying, \uc0{\u8221}You have a big heart, son. Take this apple and eat it; you look like you haven\uc0{\u8217}t eaten in a long time.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The driver declines politely, saying, \uc0{\u8221}Thank you, sir, but I\uc0{\u8217}m not hungry, I just want to get some sleep as soon as possible.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man insists, \uc0{\u8221}You\uc0{\u8217}ll get to that too, but this is your share. Eat it and don\uc0{\u8217}t refuse, as it\uc0{\u8217}s meant for you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The driver, puzzled, asks, \uc0{\u8221}What do you mean by my share? I don\uc0{\u8217}t understand.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man smiles and says, \uc0{\u8221}You young people might laugh at this, but I believe that no one can take someone else\uc0{\u8217}s share in this world, and if they do, they\uc0{\u8217}ll eventually pay for it. This apple is yours; it\uc0{\u8217}s been with me since morning as a trust for you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The driver, still skeptical, asks, \uc0{\u8221}How do you know this apple is meant for me?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man begins to recount, \uc0{\u8221}The story starts early this morning. When I was about to leave the house, my elderly wife, who had never done this before, washed an apple and handed it to me, saying, \uc0{\u8217}Take this apple with you and eat it whenever you want.\uc0{\u8217} I was surprised but took the apple and left. Honestly, I had no particular errand and just wanted to take a walk in the park, as we old folks don\uc0{\u8217}t have much to do. I can\uc0{\u8217}t even lie, you see\uc0{\u8230} After a bit of walking, I sat down to rest and thought of the apple, but a fight between two cats distracted me, and I forgot about it. I got up and went home to read the newspaper. Even in this age of technology, I still read the paper. Later, I remembered the apple but decided to eat it after lunch.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The driver, now intrigued, asked, \uc0{\u8221}So why didn\uc0{\u8217}t you eat the apple then?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man continued, \uc0{\u8221}After lunch, I thought of the apple, but I felt sleepy and took an afternoon nap. When I woke up, my mouth was dry, and I wanted to eat the apple, but my wife came with a cup of tea, and we started chatting, so I forgot about it again. We spent the rest of the evening chatting and attending to some unfinished chores around the house. At night, I went out to shop, and while shopping, I noticed the apple in my pocket but decided to eat it when I got home as my hands were full. When I returned home and put away the groceries, an old friend called and invited me over for dinner to reminisce about the old days. I went to his place and just came back now, with the apple still in my pocket.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The driver, now more curious, asked, \uc0{\u8221}So what made you think this apple is meant for me?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man replied, \uc0{\u8221}When I was about to pay the fare, I remembered the apple in my pocket. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know why, but I felt it was meant for you, and if you don\uc0{\u8217}t eat it, it will stay with me for years, and I won\uc0{\u8217}t be able to eat it.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He offered the apple to the driver again. The driver, smiling, accepted the apple, took a bite, and said, \uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t really believe in this stuff. To me, it\uc0{\u8217}s all just coincidence. But thanks for the tasty apple.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man smiled and said, \uc0{\u8221}Enjoy it. Believe what you like, but this apple was meant for you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At that moment, they reached the old man\uc0{\u8217}s destination. He got out and went on his way. The driver, still smiling, headed home. When he reached his house, he parked his car and got out. At that moment, he noticed the fruit shop near his home closing up. Suddenly, a thought flashed in his mind, and he remembered that in the morning, he had seen the big, juicy apples in that shop and thought to himself, \uc0{\u8221}What lovely apples, they make you want to eat one. I must remember to buy some on my way home tonight.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The driver looked at the remaining apple in his hand and smiled.}}\par
\sect
}