{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy15\hr21\min13\sec59}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy15\hr21\min13\sec59}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a barber shop; I worked as a barber. My colleagues Ngandu and Aganze,having a conversation, Aganze\uc0{\u8217}s face lit up with excitement. He said, \uc0{\u8221}What do you think?\uc0{\u8221} He continued ,\uc0{\u8221} Ngandu and I have been selected by UNHCR for resettlement in Canada!\uc0{\u8221} He raised his hands in the air, his eyes shining with joy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Wow, congratulations!\uc0{\u8221} I said, clapping my hands together in excitement.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ngandu celebrated with much fanfare. He pumped his fist in the air.\uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s a dream come true! We will have a better life,\uc0{\u8221} he stepped forward happily and continued,\uc0{\u8221}We\uc0{\u8217}ve organized a farewell party for all our friends. It will be held from 6:30 to 8 pm at home. Let\uc0{\u8217}s celebrate and cherish the memories,\uc0{\u8221} He said. \uc0{\u8221}We invite you all! We\uc0{\u8217}ll be so glad to be with you this evening,\uc0{\u8221} he said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Alright, we will come to enjoy ourselves,\uc0{\u8221} i said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 *****}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Realizing that alcohol wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t be served at the party for religious reasons, I bought a beer, took it home, and got drunk by 6 pm. As I lay in my small room drunk, my hand shook slightly as I grabbed my phone and dialed a number.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Brrrring\uc0{\u8230} brrrring\uc0{\u8230} brrrring,\uc0{\u8221} the phone rang,\uc0{\u8221}Come on, take it! Take it!\uc0{\u8221} I muttered.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My phone screen displayed the name \uc0{\u8217}Furaha,\uc0{\u8217} and a picture of a beautiful girl with tousled hair and a warm smile.\uc0{\u8221}Hey baby, how are you?\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Baby\uc0{\u8230} I\uc0{\u8217}m fine. How about you?\uc0{\u8221} She said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My drunken state made my body less controlled, and I swayed slightly as I spoke. \uc0{\u8221}To be honest, love, I don\uc0{\u8217}t feel good. I miss you, Furaha. I miss everything about you,\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I missed you too, Peter,\uc0{\u8221} she replied, her voice soft and affectionate.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8230} I was wondering if you would like to come over to my house,\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Oh, I see\uc0{\u8230} I understand. Maybe next time}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 then,\uc0{\u8221} she responded.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Please, Furaha, I\uc0{\u8217}m begging you. I\uc0{\u8217}ll do anything. Just come and be with me for a few minutes, and then you can go home to rest,\uc0{\u8221} I said, my body swaying as I spoke.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Okay. I\uc0{\u8217}ll come, but you have to be a good listener too. I\uc0{\u8217}ll only spend thirty minutes,\uc0{\u8221} she said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yes, Furaha. We won\uc0{\u8217}t take long. I promise,\uc0{\u8221} I\uc0{\u160} ended the call as a sense of relief washed over me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a while, I heard a soft knock on the door. With joy, I opened the door to find her standing there. \uc0{\u8221}Peter, are you okay? I heard you on the phone\uc0{\u8230} you sound drunk,\uc0{\u8221} she said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As she noticed the empty beer bottles scattered on the floor and the messy bed,she took a step back, her arms crossing in front of her mouth. \uc0{\u8221}Peter, you are very drunk. You should rest.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Hey, beautiful\uc0{\u8230} you came\uc0{\u8230} I\uc0{\u8217}m so happy\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} I said, pulling her into the room and holding onto her waist. My movements were stiff, swaying as I held her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She gently tried to pull away, her hands placed on my chest. \uc0{\u8221}Peter, please\uc0{\u8230} I don\uc0{\u8217}t think this is a good idea,\uc0{\u8221} she said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry, baby\uc0{\u8230}just relax and enjoy\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} I said, kissing her neck gently.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I laid her on the bed, my hands exploring her body with tenderness and urgency. She found herself overcome with emotion. \uc0{\u8221}Peter\uc0{\u8230} I love you\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} she moaned softly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I love you too, baby\uc0{\u8230} more than anything\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} I whispered, my passion for her burning brightly, fueled by the alcohol.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Time seemed to slow down as we lost ourselves in the moment, our bodies linked in a dance of pleasure. As the night wore on, my drunkenness intensified, and my movements became sluggish. Furaha tried to pull away, but I held her close, refusing to let her go.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Peter, please\uc0{\u8230} I need to go\uc0{\u8230} I have to be home early before 7 pm\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} she said with desperation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}No, stay with me for a while,\uc0{\u8221} I said, continuing to make love to her, oblivious to her discomfort.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She seemed trapped, her body weary. With great force, she pulled me away and looked at the clock on the wall. It read 10 pm.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}You wanted me to stay with you, so I\uc0{\u8217}m yours now,\uc0{\u8221} she said with sadness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What do you mean, go home!\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I can\uc0{\u8217}t go home, Peter, it\uc0{\u8217}s too late. My aunt and her husband always warn me about coming home late. What will I tell them? That I\uc0{\u8217}m late because I was at my boyfriend\uc0{\u8217}s house?\uc0{\u8221} she said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With the effects of alcohol taking my toll, I fell into a deep sleep, my body relaxed and unresponsive to the world around me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At dawn, I woke up hungry, head etching and mouth dry. As I looked around, i saw Furaha, sitting on the edge of the bed, her legs tucked under her, and her face drawn. I said, \uc0{\u8221}Furaha\uc0{\u8230}? Are you still here?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Raising her eyes to look at me, she said desperately, \uc0{\u8221}I had nowhere else to go. You didn\uc0{\u8217}t let me leave last night, and after making love, you fell asleep. I tried to wake you up, but you wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t accept it. By the time I realized it was too late, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t go home.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I rubbed my temple, trying to gather my thoughts, I said. \uc0{\u8221}No, no, no! You should have gone to sleep with your friend, Amissa, that night. I can\uc0{\u8217}t remember a thing from last night. I must have been incredibly drunk.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I placed a hand on her shoulder. \uc0{\u8221}Well, get ready. You\uc0{\u8217}ll go through the alleys behind my house. First, go to Amissa, tell her everything that happened last night. Ask her to cover for you when your family asks if you slept together. Arrange with her that you slept together in her room, so your family knows where you were.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Furaha looked worried and tearful,\uc0{\u160} tears dropped down her cheeks.\uc0{\u8221}But where do I go after that, Peter? This is my first time staying outside my family\uc0{\u8217}s house. What excuse can I give my aunt and her husband for staying at my friend\uc0{\u8217}s place without their permission or consent? They know I have a cell phone, but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t reach them. Who knows what they\uc0{\u8217}re thinking now?\uc0{\u8221} She said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As we were discussing our next steps, a loud knock on the door frightened us. Hesitating, I went to open it, it was Furaha\uc0{\u8217}s uncle, Jack, and her aunt, Janet, standing there with anger and despair on their faces. As they entered the room, my girlfriend and I dropped our heads, feeling guilty.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With shock Jack said, \uc0{\u8221}So, this is where you\uc0{\u8217}ve been hiding, huh?\uc0{\u8221} Janet approached Furaha, pointing an accusing finger at her saying,\uc0{\u8221}How could you sleep at a man\uc0{\u8217}s house without our consent?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a sudden outburst, Janet slapped her across the face. Furaha stumbled back, pain and shock etched on her face. Janet continued, \uc0{\u8221}You know, we searched for you all night\uc0{\u8230}We looked for you at your friends\uc0{\u8217} places, we went to the neighbors\uc0{\u8217} houses, the entire family couldn\uc0{\u8217}t sleep, searching everywhere. We thought maybe you were kidnapped.\uc0{\u8221} Janet shook her head.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}We phoned you many times,\uc0{\u8221} Jack said, his hand holding an imaginary phone to his ear. \uc0{\u8221}Only to receive a message saying that the phone we were calling was switched off,\uc0{\u8221} He sighed. \uc0{\u8221}And here you are, planning to secretly marry each other!\uc0{\u8221} He crossed his arms.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Janet placed her hand on her hips, leaning slightly forward. \uc0{\u8221}Thank God we decided to come and check here in this gangster\uc0{\u8217}s room.\uc0{\u8221} She glanced around the room, her eyes scanning the surroundings, before meeting my gaze.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Holding my chin and lost for words, my stomach growling with hunger.\uc0{\u160} Janet turned her attention to me, pointing her finger directly at me. \uc0{\u8221}You! Taking my nephew and making her your wife without the family\uc0{\u8217}s consent?\uc0{\u8221} She shook her head.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I sank down, resting my head in my hands, the weight of my actions sinking in. \uc0{\u8221}No! How did it come to this? I never expected this to happen to me,\uc0{\u8221} I thought to myself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Do you remember when my father-in-law was close to death?\uc0{\u8221} Jack said.\uc0{\u8221} Since you were in standard two, he\uc0{\u160} entrusted me with your well-being. I paid for your education, provided for you, fulfilled all your basic needs like a father. And this is how you repay me, by disrespecting me and your aunt?\uc0{\u8221} He continued, rubbing his head,\uc0{\u8221}Let\uc0{\u8217}s take this man to the police, please! \uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}My nephew was still a virgin, but this man raped her,\uc0{\u8221} said Janet pointing at me. \uc0{\u8221}We\uc0{\u8217}ll get a medical examination to confirm her purity.\uc0{\u8221} She said\uc0{\u160} while Jack angerily pulled out his phone and dialed a number.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8221}Hello kaka , We found her\uc0{\u8230}in Peter\uc0{\u8217}s room\uc0{\u8230} Peter, the single man living by Centenary bank. Gather everyone and come over.\uc0{\u8221} The call ended.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Fear gripped me as I realized the consequences. Furaha was young, not yet 18 years old. If they took me to the police, I could face a lifetime in prison. And it wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t matter that I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t taken her virginity the first time we were intimate. Catching me with their daughter, that was enough evidence for them.\uc0{\u8221}Please, have mercy on me. Don\uc0{\u8217}t involve the police.\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kaka and his friend Rafiki arrived at the door of my room. Before entering, their attention was caught by a herd of goats passing by. Kaka and Rafiki quickly followed the goats. After a few minutes, they managed to catch one goat. They borrowed a knife from a neighbor who was busy cleaning dishes outside her house, they slaughtered the goat immediately. \uc0{\u8221} Oh my God!\uc0{\u8221} I said quietly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Rafiki made fire swiftly and started roasting large pieces of meat. Jack stood by the door and said,\uc0{\u8221}If the owner of the slaughtered goat is found, you will have to deal with him and pay him money for the goat,\uc0{\u8221} he continued. \uc0{\u8221}Besides that, you have to buy another goat for Furaha\uc0{\u8217}s uncles and aunts, as the one that was slaughtered belonged to her brother,Kaka. Additionally, you need to buy two crates of Fanta and two crates of beer to accompany the meat.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Reacting quickly, I reached for my pillow, tore it open, and took out $150. \uc0{\u8221}Uncle, take this,\uc0{\u8221} I said, extending my hand towards Jack. But he refused to accept it. \uc0{\u8221}Don\uc0{\u8217}t hand me the money directly. Bring a plate and its lid, and discreetly place the money inside,\uc0{\u8221} He said. Following his guidance, I discreetly arranged the money in the plate. He said, \uc0{\u8221}Fine.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then Kaka took the plate and left with Jack outside. Returning with a smile on their faces,Jack then instructed Kaka and his friend to buy Fanta and beer for everyone gathered there. The boys diligently attended to each individual\uc0{\u8217}s preferences, bringing the right drinks. They also served us the roasted goat meat, creating an environment similar to a festive gathering.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At that moment, Jack called his wife and Kaka outside. Returning, visibly serious, Jack sat down and said, \uc0{\u8221}Furaha, do you love Peter?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yes, I do,\uc0{\u8221} Furaha responded.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jack then turned to me, his mood was dire. \uc0{\u8221}Peter, do you love Furaha?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yes, I do,\uc0{\u8221} I replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Jack family exchanged glances. \uc0{\u8221}From this day forward,\uc0{\u8221} Jack declared,\uc0{\u8221} you are now husband and wife. The marriage has been sealed, and it is your duty to provide for her.\uc0{\u8221} He said pointing at me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Confusion washed over me. \uc0{\u8221}But I thought I had to pay the price for disrespecting the family and culture, and after that, you would go home with your daughter!\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}No. You have already paid the price for disrespecting our family. My sister will now live with you as your wife since she was with you throughout the night in your room,\uc0{\u8221} Kaka said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Janet interjected,\uc0{\u8221}Let\uc0{\u8217}s take this notorious young man to the police! How dare he thinks that way? You slept with my nephew all night, and now you want to throw her out like trash, huh?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jack, seizing my hand, grabbed it tightly, \uc0{\u8221}Come, follow me.\uc0{\u8221} I\uc0{\u160} clasped my hands together as if I was holding something precious, \uc0{\u8221}Please, Uncle Jack, don\uc0{\u8217}t take me to the police. I\uc0{\u8217}m begging you!\uc0{\u8221} I said. But Jack said, \uc0{\u8221}No, you have to go to jail for ruining our nephew\uc0{\u8217}s future.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Realizing the severity of the situation, a sense of urgency overcame me. I hastily said, \uc0{\u8221}Okay, okay, leave her here. No problem. I love her, we will live together\uc0{\u8230} no problem.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Uncle Jack\uc0{\u8217}s family exchanged glances,he called them outside and discussed further. After a while, they returned to the room. Jack said, \uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s not over. I will withhold my nephew\uc0{\u8217}s share of the monthly aid we receive from the World Food Program (WFP) until you pay the dowry. And when you will have children, we will divide the share of assistance for the mother and your babies in two, leaving you with only half. This process will continue until the dowry is paid.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Please, we should leave,\uc0{\u8221} Jack said. They departed, leaving me alone with my newly married wife. I felt as though the weight of the world was upon me. I asked my wife,\uc0{\u8221} Is this marriage or what?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Please, leave me alone,\uc0{\u8221} she replied,\uc0{\u8221}You know that you are the cause. If I could leave with them, every time I would make a mistake at home, they would always bring up this incident. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to be called slanderous names like bitch\uc0{\u8230}or be mistreated .\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I let out a heavy sigh as I gazed up at the sky. \uc0{\u8221}So, this is how I am married?\uc0{\u8221} I muttered, the weight of the situation settling upon my head.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}