{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy28\hr15\min25\sec16}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy28\hr15\min25\sec16}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Global food shortage as a result of human-induced Climate Change, conflicts, Covid-19 pandemic has been a scourge impacting every society.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The increase of climate-induced shocks like droughts, cyclones, and unpredictable rainfall weighs drastic negative impacts on Zimbabwe\uc0{\u8217}s economy, a country with a strong tradition of agricultural production.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The vulnerable people whose livelihoods are livestock and food production cannot build resilience and adapt to the unpredictable climate are the most hit}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In Zimbabwe\uc0{\u8217}s Tongogara refugee Camp, food insecurity exacerbated by insufficient income-generating opportunities and rippling livelihoods is confining the refugee community to humanities aid.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The government-allocated land for small-scale refugee gardeners is extremely impacted by Climate-induce shocks as the whole country faces drought for a decade.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Irrigation farming funded by the African development bank brought some hope in 2020 and 2021 in the Camp but with both pandemics taking root, the euphoria didn\uc0{\u8217}t last long before farmers brought homes empty buckets in 2022.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The consequences of dilapidated livelihoods and fewer income-generating opportunities rain very much on young people with school children being forced to drop from school as they seek other means to fend for their needs and make ends meet through child labor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Young girls secretly doing transactional sex from urban settling and boys are involved in drugs, and petty crimes just to ensure other means of complementing humanitarian aid.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Teenage pregnancy is on the rise during school holidays after boys and girls come home only to find spending time together worthy as hunger lay barriers between learning and a joyous holiday.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a population of over 15000 refugees and asylum seekers, with over 80% young people, this is a tragedy that is crippling our community\uc0{\u8217}s growth unless the government, UNHCR, and the other humanitarian effort are strengthened to foster holistic Climate response and increase more income generating means through humanitarian and developmental projects scale out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}