{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo12\dy05\hr12\min50\sec46}{\revtim \yr2022\mo12\dy05\hr12\min50\sec46}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A refugee dream}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was born here in kakuma refugee camp. A refugee camp located in the rift valley province of Kenya. I am the only child of my mother. My mother lost his parents back in our home country Congo. She fled our home country alone and the only survivor of her family. Growing up in a refugee camp have made me go through a lot of hardships and shaped me to be who i am today. I was brought up by a single mother in this place. I refer to this place like home to me because I haven\uc0{\u8217}t gotten a chance to see my mother country Congo. My mother told me that she was raped here. It was such a horrible moment for her. She passed through a lot of fear and anger. All she wanted was justice but she never got any. When the community heard about it, they advised her to keep quite and not speak about it. This is because she was raped by the same people in she was living with in the community. The community leaders were the ones responsible for keeping her quiet. When she told me about that, i felt so bad and vengeance was running in my veins. I then decided that all i ever wanted is to advocate for the rights of the vulnerable groups of people in our communities. Many people are suffering and being looked down upon just because they can not open their mouths to speak for themselves. My dream is to create a safe and just society for all refugees. This is my refugee dream. I do not want to see other women going through what my mum and many other innocent women out there in this society. I intend to create a platform for them to speak up and also air out there grievances and decisions in this society. I have witnessed many women going through domestic violence, early marriage, forced marriage, FGM and other barbaric acts in this camp. This breaks me every moment i think about the hell they are enduring in this got damn place. This is my refugee dream. }}\par
\sect
}