{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy16\hr17\min05\sec02}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy16\hr17\min05\sec02}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 ARE WE SAFE?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On 31/12/2022 it\uc0{\u8217}s always like a ritual that people have to celebrate new year and on this specific day there was a lot of criminal activities at night, while others were shouting and celebrating for new year of 2023, some were busy raiding shops. More than 20 shops where raided that particular day and many people lost thousands of money from their shops.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember being woken up on 1/1/2023 with a sirens from the police very early in the morning at about 6:00 am. When I woke up there was a lot of commotion outside the street since our house is just few miles from the road side. When I went out to check on what was happening, I realised I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t alone. Already many people had woken up due to the noise and the commotion that was out side.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I took the step forward and I asked one boy who I think was at the age of 16 of what was happening and he told me that the police was aresting all the people who involved in raiding yesterday night. They where youth who came from the same community and they had gone and broke the shops and stole a lot of staffs. Not only that but they also raided homes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 People were so many so since I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t able to see what was going on over the other side of the road, I decided to push myself in the middle the crowd in order to get a good glimpse of what exactly was happening. There was a very heavy wind blowing outside and because I had no time to carry any cloth to cover myself I started shivering but that didn\uc0{\u8217}t limit me from pursuing my curiosity. They say curiosity killed a cat, and here I was, dying because of being curious to no what was happening.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I saw the first police car pass and it was very full with a lot of people inside and some few policemen who where guiding these thieves, sorry to call them that but I have no other words to call them. They where all in their early 30 and I wondered what had triggered their mind that they ended up in such situations.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One of the person that his shop was among the one that was raided was following behind the police while on the motorcycle and when one of his friend recognised him, he called unto him and asked what was happening and that is when he told him what had happened in their area and how the police was able to know where these thieves had hidden.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When he left because he was in hurry,\uc0{\u160} the man who I presume was told a summary of what had happened, others also went to asking him what the other man had told him. I was standing very far and when people who where interested in listening to the story moved towards where he was. I had I chance to get a clear spot at the road side.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I stood in that same place not moving. My hands crossed each other due to the coldness that I was feeling. I tried to get some warmth from my arm pits. I stood their while people where moving from one place to another while charting and some even laughing. What made me stand their for a very long period of time, I heard that there were so many police car that had gone so I wanted to get more of the view of who were the people that had the guards to do such a crime which is more of a death sentence to me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Remaining in the same position for about 30min and the police car wasn\uc0{\u8217}t approaching, I decided to go back home since I was terribly feeling cold, when I started moving and I was about a few miles away from my original position, I had the sirens and I saw all the people running towards the road and because they where many, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t get the chance again to have a view of what I had waited for all that long. With all the disappointment that I had and also the coldness that I was feeling, I decided to give up and went home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I went back to bed because there was nothing I would have done but my mind was occupied by all kinds of thoughts. Asking myself why all these boys decided to do such an act. Did they lack anything ? Are they group of gangster? Do they have parents?. In had so many questions running in my mind but I had to shake the whole ideas out of my head and cool down.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I breathed in so deep and went a head to cover myself up to the head because I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want any interruptions, so I thought this was the best solution. Fortunately I went back to sleep though it was already morning by 8:30.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I woke up at around 12:45 at noon and 8t was my brother who woke me up because he was feeling hungry. I had to wake up and since the was nothing to cook, I went a head to the market to by some food stuff. Most of the people had not worked on that day and I had to go to another market because here in the camp, we only have two markets. One called Somali market and another one Ethiopian market. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know why the decided to name the that but I think it\uc0{\u8217}s because each market is in their own community.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I reach the Ethiopian market, there were no many people selling but I was fortunate enough to get some food. As I was walking going back home, I noticed people where in groups talking to each other and I wondered what was happening. I decided to pass close to the group that I saw in front of me and I slowed down in order to ear drop on their conversation and I was able to stand at a distance but it was loud enough for me to listen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was so shocked from what I had from their conversation. Guess what?. Even these boys raided, they did not only break into shops but they also broke into people\uc0{\u8217}s homes and injured people who resisted to be robbed. Can you imagine that these youth are from South Sudanese Nationalities!. I was so chocked and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t\uc0{\u160} believe it because I only knew that it\uc0{\u8217}s the Kenyan that could come to the camp and steal, I could never in my life think that I fellow refugee could destroy their own people.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I headed home I was in a very big dilemma because of what I had just heard. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe my ears. This charged my perspective towards this nationality and even as I was walking towards home , I felt insecure.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After 3 days while the camp had settled, \uc0{\u160}on our side. We had there was also another incident that had occurred whereby there was a northern group of youth who were attacking people a long the road side that lead towards another location in the camp that was called Kakuma 2. They could wait for people who were travelling a long that road and they could Rob them. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe it and I wondered what the camp had turned into.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My neighbour also said that a month ago, one of a Burundian woman who was coming from a bar in town at around 10:00 heading towards Kakuma at that night was attacked and was beaten and raped to death. The person who was carrying her the motorcyclist, ran for his life and left the woman alone in the hands of these thieves. She said that these incidences doesn\uc0{\u8217}t only happen at night but also during day time. She remembers one of the Somali woman who was just robbed at noon during day time when everyone was around but due to fear no one came to her rescue and by the time when the police came, they had flown from the scene. Women are the most at risk here in the camp.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 If this is happening in the camp, are we really safe? Do we have protection but who will protect us? Questions that I am still asking myself but have no answers. Who can help me solve this dilemma that the whole camp is currently facing? Insecurities in the camp have become like daily routine. Many refugees came to look for security but now that people are being killed with no reason some leaving there children un accompanied, were else can we find safety.}}\par
\sect
}