{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo09\dy22\hr17\min53\sec03}{\revtim \yr2022\mo09\dy22\hr17\min53\sec03}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 My name is Karima Qias.\uc0{\u160}I was born, raised and lived in Iran until 2017.\uc0{\u160}My grandparents are of Tajik origin. They emigrated to Afghanistan during the Soviet era because the communists wanted to take their property.\uc0{\u160}My parents were born in Afghanistan. Later, in the seventies, they left that country because of the Taliban and went to live in Iran.But in Iran, the situation had become more and more difficult.\uc0{\u160}For example, we couldn't easily go to university and had to pay a lot of money every year to extend our stay.We had no health insurance or work insurance.Also, if we wanted to buy a house or a car, it had to be registered in the name of an Iranian. It was not possible to buy in our own name because we were Afghan immigrants.I worked three months as a dental assistant, but I was paid less than an Iranian.And there were still more things...\uc0{\u160}That's why we decided to leave Iran, and leave in secret.After ten days of crossing mountains and rivers, we arrived in Turkey with great difficulty. We stayed there for a few days,waiting for the sea to calm so we could go to Greece.We crossed the Mediterranean Sea and reached the island of Lesbos.We were penned up with two thousand other migrants in the Moria camp, where we knew hell: no security, no toilets and no edible meals.For eighty days we protested, so we could leave the camp and the island, and we obtained permission to go to Athens.In Athens, we lived in a former hotel squatted by anti-fascists to accommodate migrants. There were one hundred and sixteen different nationalities.\uc0{\u160}Thanks to the support of antifascists, together with some other girls, we started to tell our stories in a small magazine.Then I wrote the magazine Plaza Girls to inform the public about the situation in the Moria camp.\uc0{\u160}After that, I decided to collect the poems I had written into a handcrafted book with calligraphy, dried flowers, photos and collages.\uc0{\u160}With the change of government, Greece closed the squat. After the hotel closed, I came to Belgium with part of my family.\uc0{\u160}In July 2021, with the help of a friend, I exhibited my book "Chink of light" in a gallery in Athens with videos of my sisters and me reciting poems.\uc0{\u160}Currently, I am writing a biography of my family.\uc0{\u160}A few words about writing.\uc0{\u160}When I left Iran, I cut all ties behind me. Arriving in Greece in the Moria camp, I had lost my future aspirations, lost hope.\uc0{\u160}But as I began to write, the words came. They talked to me, and I put them down on paper.Words have become like a power. They gave me back confidence in myself and allowed me to show others who I am: someone who seeks to exist, like everyone else, with the same possibilities.\uc0{\u160}Without the writing, the reality would have been too hard to bear.In the real world I am powerless, but in the world of writing my power is limitless.It is I who command words, to change fate or to make the past more beautiful and happier.\uc0{\u160}Literature and writing give the writer the courage to dive into the depths of emotion in order to express it clearly.That's how I fell in love with life with words.}\par
\sect
}