{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy24\hr12\min19\sec14}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy24\hr12\min19\sec14}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was unprepared for the attraction to Osama. He was waiting, back against a mossy stone wall, his serene features indiscernible. I slid my fingers under his shirt, traced the frame of his delicate torso. My touch was light, so light I was still asking permission. He bit my lip hard enough to bruise it; I let out a little whimper. Resting both his palms against the wall, he turned around and guided me inside him. I busted too quickly, moved to shirk away. But he handed me his phone, a \uc0{\u8216}create new contact\uc0{\u8217} screen stinging my eyes in the dark. I filled it out, sent myself a message, passed it back. He was gone before my zipper was up.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The usual cabal of Arab cruisers were hanging out on a cluster of large rocks, right beneath the orange light of a street lamp. It was where you went to smoke and chat between pursuits. One guy, a nurse at Hadassah hospital, shook his head at me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Stay away from Osama,\uc0{\u8221} he said. This didn\uc0{\u8217}t faze me. \uc0{\u8220}Stay away from him\uc0{\u8221} was the most popular tune around here. It could mean anything from actual danger to mere jealousy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But Mustafa, a handsome, muscular man in his early fifties and mother superior of our group, murmured in agreement. \uc0{\u8220}He was in jail, you know,\uc0{\u8221} he said, delighted to interfere. \uc0{\u8220}According to rumor, several years. In Jordan. That\uc0{\u8217}s where he was from. Then he inherited that apartment from a distant uncle and moved here to Jerusalem.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My phone vibrated: Osama was already messaging.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}How could you know all that?\uc0{\u8221} I shot back, but I already believed him. I pressed for specifics. \uc0{\u8220}Violence was involved, okay?\uc0{\u8221} he said, offering no evidence. \uc0{\u8220}Violence.\uc0{\u8221} He savored the drama of the word, then like a gaunt panther slid back toward the bushes after a person of interest.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nearly a year passed, and sexually, I still couldn\uc0{\u8217}t have enough of Osama. I felt it was time to integrate him a bit into my social life. I began coaching him weeks in advance exactly how to act around my friend Yusef. I made some gentle wardrobe recommendations. When they didn\uc0{\u8217}t amount to anything, I took him shopping. It was our first outing together, save for the occasional post-sex falafel or kunafeh. Jerusalem\uc0{\u8217}s dearth of high-end shopping made the endeavor less glamorous than I had hoped, but together we found a decent polyester blazer, tight-fitting slacks, and a bottle of Polo Ralph Lauren.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We stopped at Putin Pub on the way home and had several gin tonics. Before this, I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t even been sure he drank. He gulped down the first two very quickly. After the third, he was talking with a new effeminate inflection in his husky voice. We\uc0{\u8217}d both recognized the bartender from gay sex apps, and the two of them had been in riveted conversation for most of the evening. Osama had greased his hair back for our shopping trip, the part in the middle so clean not even a meat cleaver could have equaled the precision. Exquisite, spiky hairs poked out from the cuffs of his new Oxford shirt, and his pore-less complexion was attracting stares from men and woman all along the bar. I\uc0{\u8217}d never been more in love with him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While he was in the shower that night, I removed the tissue paper from his new shoes and carefully hung the clothes inside his rickety tin closet. It was all falling into place. We got into bed together; a pleasant breeze drifted through the single, barred window of the apartment, lulling me nearer to sleep. A reminder buzzed on my phone: Dinner at Yusef\uc0{\u8217}s tomorrow. I thought of Mustafa, wagging his finger at me in the park those many months ago. A little rush in my chest climbed clear to my throat. I was anxious to see what would happen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yusef held a tray of three champagne flutes, which he balanced effortlessly on one hand, distributing them before we\uc0{\u8217}d even passed the threshold. At least half a dozen icons of the Virgin Mary crowded the cramped foyer; several knotted rosaries dangled from the wrist of a sorrowful statue of Christ. Since my last visit, a suit of armor had been installed at the foot of the spiral staircase.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I embraced him warmly and introduced him to Osama. \uc0{\u8220}Di}{\cf0\f0\i vine}{\cf0\f0  to meet you,\uc0{\u8221} he said in English, but the two lapsed immediately into Arabic. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t mind at all, letting my eyes wander over the Christian artifacts. Leisurely, we made our way to the rooftop. \uc0{\u8220}You weren\uc0{\u8217}t kidding!\uc0{\u8221} he whispered behind me. \uc0{\u8220}He\uc0{\u8217}s the most gorgeous boy I\uc0{\u8217}ve ever seen. What bone structure!\uc0{\u8221} He seated us at a round oak table by the bar. The temperature had fallen with the sun, so he brought over an electric heater that glowed like a jack-o-lantern in the twilight. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ll be right back with the food,\uc0{\u8221} he said giddily, topping off our champagne.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I put a hand on Osama\uc0{\u8217}s knee. \uc0{\u8220}How you feeling?\uc0{\u8221} I asked. I moved in to peck his cheek, swooning from the champagne and the velvety warmth of the heater.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Something was wrong. He looked ill, the color of his face draining before me, a layer of sweat seeping from his forehead despite the breeze that was dancing across the patio. For a moment I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t speak. Osama\uc0{\u8217}s mouth was agape, his expression in a corpse-like paralysis.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What is it?\uc0{\u8221} Too much preparation had gone into this \uc0{\u8211} I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t afford for the night to fall apart. Osama wiped his brow and managed a nauseated smile.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Nothing. Nothing at all. The heater\uc0{\u8230}it\uc0{\u8217}s just a bit too warm,\uc0{\u8221} he stammered, rising to move the lamp a few inches away. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m fine.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I felt the lie hang in the air like smog, just as I felt the false, patronizing note in my response. \uc0{\u8220}You must be a bit nervous. Don\uc0{\u8217}t be intimidated. Yusef is a teddy bear.\uc0{\u8221} I refilled my champagne flute, already struggling to stand from inebriation. Osama\uc0{\u8217}s lip quivered. \uc0{\u8220}Do you want to go home?\uc0{\u8221} I played the question in my head, heard it in my own voice, but instead I drank in silence, avoiding Osama\uc0{\u8217}s frail countenance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yusef returned with bread and butter, followed this time by a servant, who distributed a spread of shared plates. Yusef dismissed him without a word, just the wave of a hand. \uc0{\u8220}He\uc0{\u8217}s been helping me lately,\uc0{\u8221} he said, stuffing his face with meatballs, bits of which he sprayed across the table obliviously. \uc0{\u8220}A barber from Nablus. Very good looking. Strong jawline, did you notice? He can be pretty boring, though. He doesn\uc0{\u8217}t drink \uc0{\u8211} Muslim.\uc0{\u8221} Our host rolled his eyes so far back I wondered if they would tumble out his jaws with the next chunk of crab cake. I glanced at Osama to see if the religious insensitivity had upset him; he laughed politely. Yusef buttered a hot roll and passed the bread basket, saying something about getting older, then polished off the last of the champagne bottle. It was all said and done in the manner of someone with all the time in the world. One by one, he exhibited traits I had been excited to show Osama. Instead I had the feeling that, whatever was ailing him, Yusef\uc0{\u8217}s persona would only magnify the symptoms.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From then on, it was to be all about Osama. Yusef pelted him with questions, where had he grown up, gone to school, how had he settled into Jerusalem. The host was well traveled in Jordan and made numerous informed, ingratiating remarks about locales in Irbid, Amman, and places I\uc0{\u8217}d never heard of. With each question, I became less important, which gave me opportunity to study my companion. Any trace of his earlier emotion had disappeared. He spoke almost as if he were used to people like Yusef, but with the appropriate sheepishness to enamor our host with a little na\uc0{\u239}vet\uc0{\u233}. Now I was feeling uneasy, indigestion and acid reflux setting in after the onion soup course. Had I been imagining the look of terror earlier?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Osama made a remark about a cafe in Amman, something about the proprietor, and Yusef struggled to remain upright from laughing. Osama hollered something in Arabic, apparently an impression of the person with which they were both familiar. No sound came out of Yusef\uc0{\u8217}s mouth, he was laughing so hard. \uc0{\u8220}You brought a comedian!\uc0{\u8221} he roared, sloshing half a glass of Merlot on the tablecloth. After that, English disappeared from the conversation. I was irrelevant. By dessert, Osama\uc0{\u8217}s hand was resting in the host\uc0{\u8217}s lap.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The servant delivered espresso, which had a calming effect. My goal had been met: they seemed inseparable. I sat back, finished the espresso in one gulp, and announced my departure. No one protested. Osama stayed on the rooftop while Yusef saw me out. \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re a saint,\uc0{\u8221} he whispered, pulling me toward him, his breath casting a film-like heat over my ear and the side of my face. I shivered and reluctantly returned his embrace. On the walk home, I found a pharmacy still open and bought several rolls of chewable antacids. From my window, I stared at Yusef\uc0{\u8217}s tower, waiting to see how long it would take for him to turn the lights out. The minutes dragged on. Finally, I gave in to exhaustion and sank into a thin, fitful sleep.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I left Jerusalem at five a.m. the next day. My organization was sending volunteers to unrecognized Palestinian villages, places off the power grid with minimal phone service. For eight days I was in agony, wondering what had happened after I left the dinner.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I returned home, I had received nothing from Osama. I sent several frantic messages, none of which delivered. I began to talk myself through possible reasons he hadn\uc0{\u8217}t been in touch. He\uc0{\u8217}d always refused to text about anything gay-related. He hated talking on the phone, even briefly. We probably had a different sense of urgency about the matter in general. He often went MIA for a week or two, which never bothered me. As for Yusef, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t even have his phone number. We just bumped into each other around town, which is when we\uc0{\u8217}d make plans.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One night on my balcony I saw Yusef\uc0{\u8217}s emerald patio light burst on. Trying to discern the the distant, moving figures was pointless. Maybe Osama is his guest tonight, I mused. Perhaps I\uc0{\u8217}d stop seeing much of either one of them. So be it, I thought. One way or another, all friendships do come to an end.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Heading to the park the next evening, I buzzed Yusef\uc0{\u8217}s apartment four or five times. No answer. I made the trek alone as usual, stopping for cigarettes and a double espresso at the Jaffa Gate. In the park, there was very little action. A couple of older ultra-Orthodox guys were getting it on near the restrooms, but that was it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mustafa was waiting on the rocks in the same place I\uc0{\u8217}d seen him last. He was alone, puffing his way through a pack of Marlborough Reds. A misty curtain of smoke lingered above him, unmoving in the breezeless evening.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You should have stayed away,\uc0{\u8221} he said in his sandpaper voice. He lit a cigarette, an orange, lava-like point in the night.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What do you mean?\uc0{\u8221} I started to retreat, though Mustafa was fixed to his perch like a gargoyle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I see you haven\uc0{\u8217}t heard. You don\uc0{\u8217}t have a future as a match-maker,\uc0{\u8221} he hissed. He leaned forward, and his face, which had aged around the eyes since I\uc0{\u8217}d seen him, emerged into the streetlamp\uc0{\u8217}s clinical beam.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Poor Yusef. If he\uc0{\u8217}s lucky, that servant will smother him. He\uc0{\u8217}s having trouble forming simple sentences. Uses his hands to point to the things he wants, throws lots of \uc0{\u8211} what was her name? Helen Keller-style tantrums. You really know how to set up a blind date.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Just tell me what happened.\uc0{\u8221} The chilly autumn air on my skin and the aftertaste of coffee in my mouth seemed to swell in intensity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Well,\uc0{\u8221} Mustafa began, \uc0{\u8220}you know dear Yusef can be a bit indiscreet. He sends messages to boys all over the world, looking for a new obsession. A few years ago, he got into a back and forth with some cute young thing in Jordan. His usual taste, thirty years younger or so. Just a torso picture, no face, fake name. Good enough for Yusef. The boy asked for money, which Yusef refused. Then the torso turned ugly, told Yusef if he didn\uc0{\u8217}t wire ten thousand dollars immediately, he\uc0{\u8217}d out him online, write to every one of his friends on Facebook with screenshots of their messages. Typical Yusef \uc0{\u8211} it was his personal account. What would you do? Would you send the money?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I said nothing, waited for Mustafa\uc0{\u8217}s question to expire.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yusef called a friend in Amman, set up the whole thing. The boy went to the Western Union to collect his payment. When he gave the phony tracking number, the police swarmed and threw him in a cell. No trial, of course. Two years go by. Finally the boy\uc0{\u8217}s mother tracks down Yusef and begs him to let her son go. Says she\uc0{\u8217}s dying of cancer. Dear Yusef takes pity and tells his goons to let him out. Now what do you suppose the boy\uc0{\u8217}s name was?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One of the orthodox guys strolled over and gave each of us the cold, dark look of solicitation. Mustafa shooed him away like a mosquito, the way Yusef had dismissed his servant.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Osama, that ungrateful little shit. I heard Yusef even sent money to pay for the bitch\uc0{\u8217}s cancer treatment. And this is how he\uc0{\u8217}s thanked.\uc0{\u8221} There was a silence. Mustafa held out the pack of Marlboro\uc0{\u8217}s. With a trembling hand, I accepted it. Snickering, he pointed toward a slit in the bushes, where the Orthodox man\uc0{\u8217}s head was visible bobbing up and down. \uc0{\u8220}That poor fuck,\uc0{\u8221} Mustafa muttered, mucus erupting in his throat from laughter. The man\uc0{\u8217}s head froze for a moment, then he appeared back on the path and spat several times on the ground.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The two of us remained without a word until all the park lights shut off for the night in unision. \uc0{\u8220}Let\uc0{\u8217}s go home, Ben,\uc0{\u8221} he said. \uc0{\u8220}You can\uc0{\u8217}t stay here all night.\uc0{\u8221} His spoke in a whisper, almost sympathetic. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t answer. \uc0{\u8220}Let\uc0{\u8217}s go home,\uc0{\u8221} he repeated, cruelty and gravel returning to his voice. \uc0{\u8220}Show\uc0{\u8217}s over.\uc0{\u8221} Grabbing my shirt collar, he forced me up, and together we traversed the dark path back to the city.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}