{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy09\hr17\min17\sec01}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy09\hr17\min17\sec01}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A scary teenage story}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This is a true story. The life story of a young girl named Mona Heydari.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I know that you might say to yourself that this is a story of teenagers and high school students, but no! In the short story of Mona\uc0{\u8217}s life, there is no news about the winding stories of the school days, nor the fiery loves of the youth period, nor the vandalism in the school!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mona\uc0{\u8217}s story is a real and scary story. Everything starts at the age of twelve, when Mona\uc0{\u8217}s uncle asks her to marry his son Sajjad.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mona thought that if she says that she doesn\uc0{\u8217}t love Sajjad, it will be enough and these people will get rid of her. but no! The life of girls born in Muslim and religious families has never been so easy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Girls have no right to disagree with their families, so they forced her to marry her cousin. I say marriage, you can read legal rape! I say, husband, you can read legal rapist! Life ended for Mona on the same day of marriage. The day when the poor little girl was sent to her abuser\uc0{\u8217}s house to do his housework, to sleep with him and give him a baby! Exactly the things that according to Islam are the only reasons for the creation of women!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mona was subjected to domestic violence every day in Sajjad\uc0{\u8217}s house. He was beaten and humiliated every day. Sajjad used to beat her and said: \uc0{\u8221}You took my honor in your family, how dare you reject my marriage proposal and say you don\uc0{\u8217}t love me?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the Middle East and among Muslim men, rejection is not defined at all. It is men who choose women and women obey. That\uc0{\u8217}s why Sajjad saw his pride wasted and took Mona\uc0{\u8217}s grudge to heart and sought revenge.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Every few days, Mona ran away from Sajjad\uc0{\u8217}s house and took refuge in her parent\uc0{\u8217}s house and asked them to help her get out of that hell. She wanted them to help her get a divorce.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But Muslim families have a proverb that says: \uc0{\u8221}A woman goes to her husband\uc0{\u8217}s house wearing a white dress and returns with a white shroud.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I said that the life of Muslim women has never been easy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mona lived with her rapist for years in that torture center, and the result of this statutory rape was a three-year-old boy who called our seventeen-year-old Mona \uc0{\u8221}mom\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Divorce was now a dream for her, a distant dream! Whenever she talked about divorce, they told her:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211}\uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u8221}What kind of mother are you to let your child go?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211}\uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u8221}Now you have a child, what are these words? Be patient for the sake of the child\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our little Mona had never lived as a human being, it never mattered what she wanted, no one had ever asked her opinion, like the rest of the women around her! But Mona, unlike the rest of the women in her family, had a rebellious spirit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, she took the little savings she had and ran away from her aggressor\uc0{\u8217}s house, she also ran away from Iran.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She went to Turkey to finally be able to live as a human being, the way she wants to live.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our little Mona was just a child, a child who ran away from those who stole her childhood to be free, but the world is not very kind to a wounded seventeen-year-old without support.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The little girl in our story meets a Syrian refugee man in Turkey, when he finds out about Mona\uc0{\u8217}s life story and sees that this helpless little girl takes advantage of her, steals her money and gold and kicks her out of the house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mona is heartbroken and wandering, she has no money, no place to stay and no one she knows. She trusts her father and calls him and says that she regrets and wants to return. Her father treats her very kindly and says, \uc0{\u8221}I will come after you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A few days later, Mona\uc0{\u8217}s uncle and father arrive in Turkey and find Mona in a childcare center. Mona is very happy to see her father and hugs him and they walk around the city for a while, take souvenir photos and return to Iran.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The little Mona in our story thinks that her period of misery is over, she thinks that her family has understood that she is serious about getting a divorce and they are going to help her to get a divorce. but no! Life for Muslim women has never been so simple.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After returning from Turkey, her father forces her to return to Sajjad\uc0{\u8217}s house, Mona cries, begs, says Sajjad will kill me, but her father\uc0{\u8217}s decision does not change.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He takes Mona to Sajjad\uc0{\u8217}s house and a few hours later the local residents see a scene that will become their nightmare every night for years.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sajjad walks down the street with a smile on his face. He is proud of the fact that he was able to remove the stigma from his life, he has a bloody knife in one hand and the head of our Mona in the other hand.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The story of Mona\uc0{\u8217}s short life is over, but Mona was not the first, nor is she the last. Countless Monas are living with their killers, waiting for the day of their murder.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mona was one of thousands of Muslim women who are born silently, live painful lives and are brutally murdered.}}\par
\sect
}