{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy05\hr12\min49\sec58}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy05\hr12\min49\sec58}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a sunny morning that Christmas of 2018, me and my siblings rushed down to the market to get some supplies for the big day, it was always exciting for us to do the shopping because then we were able to save some money that we could use later to buy off brand makeup. As sixteen year olds by then it was very exciting. We also got to meet up with boys. It was flattering to me because most of the boys liked me for my very curvy body, I was looking 18 already and I wanted to be 18 already, I dreamt of leaving home by that age and modeling ,building my own house ,driving my own car,dreams of a child I got to realise that a few years when I actually turned 18.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As we rushed down to the market we kept on calculating what we could buy and where to find the cheaper items so we could save as planned before, Cynthia my cousin was a year older than us three in our favorite cousin group which made her the leader of the pack. She was tall for her age but lighter skinned than us all which gave her an advantage because even if we don\uc0{\u8217}t talk much about it most African men love lighter skinned girls compared to the darker skinned girls. Silvia was atleast 3months older than I was but she looked the youngest of us all for she was skinny and had a beautiful petite body, sometimes I got jealous of how she looked so majestic when she walked , like a peacock , Silvia had a boyfriend Joseph who loved her and so did she. Joseph met us along the way to the market and we all walked hurriedly together \uc0{\u160}while planning for the evening.During the evening hours of Christmas after cooking , cleaning and eating we were allowed to go out into town and hangout with friends until our curfew time which was 9pm. We were all so excited.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I hope your friend Gideon will be there!\uc0{\u8221} Cynthia asked Joseph, Cynthia had had the biggest crush on Gideon ever since his family moved into town, we often met at church and exchanged greetings. Cynthia was ready to profess her love to Gideon since in her words \uc0{\u8220}he was taking too long\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yes, we shall all meet at Oasis pub and have some drinks, I can\uc0{\u8217}t wait to see you dancing my queen,\uc0{\u8221} Joseph replied to Cynthia while looking at Silvia with the biggest smile ever.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}aaawww you guys, I want to be in love too!\uc0{\u8221} I said. I really did admire the way they loved each other and hoped to have the same kind of love one day, but the problem was I had never been attracted to any of the boys that liked me, there was always something missing or something wrong or off about them, I always found fault in everything they did , the dress code, the way they spoke or walked or even laughed. I am quite picky with my choices.We arrived at the market and shopped for everything that was on the list and headed home, Joseph lived a few blocks before our home so we said our goodbyes and headed home for the feast. The day went on smoothly ,we met other cousins who had traveled from the neighboring towns ,everything moved in harmony. Finally it was 5pm and we had cleaned all the dishes and organized the house, we were ready to go out and hangout with our friends. We all went to the bathroom together and had our bath while making jokes of how our evening would be spent. We always did everything together , shared the same room as well.Cynthia wore a red shirt and black leggings , Silvia on the other hand had a red round dress and I had a red short tight dress, we had planned on wearing red this Christmas. We looked bomb as we always said it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 after a few minutes of putting on our makeup we rushed out of the gate and got on a Boda to the pub. When we got close by we could hear the loud music coming from the pub, we were so excited. \uc0{\u8220} hurry up Boda man we don\uc0{\u8217}t have time to spare, that\uc0{\u8217}s my best song playing!\uc0{\u8221} Silvia hurried the Boda man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 we got off ,paid the Boda man and ran inside while screaming. Joseph , Gideon and Kato were seated at a corner and waved to us to join them. We did so hurriedly , Joseph hugged and lifter Silvia up while Cynthia went and sat of Gideon\uc0{\u8217}s laps and gave him a peck, I stood there confused on what to do, I\uc0{\u8217}m sure the boys had planned on linking me up with Kato who was one of the cool guys in town, he was a dancer for a crew in town which made a lot of girls fall in love with him. But I did not like Kato like that.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I said hello to the three boys and told my cousins I was going to dance, I hurriedly went into the center of the crowd dancing probably a way to dodge Kato but also to have fun since I did not plan on meeting anyone today. As I danced my eyes met with a stranger who stood looking at me the whole time.he was a masculine big guy, with chiseled jaws,big eyes and very beautiful pink lips, my heart skipped. I smiled and kept dancing while we kept staring at each other, I was hooked. After a while he walked up and asked to dance with me and offered to get me a drink.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}a Coca-Cola please,\uc0{\u8221} he smiled and called the waiter to bring me my order as we danced. I felt the world around us go silent and it felt like it was just us two in the world left dancing to our best songs, I honestly do not remember which songs played or if they were terrible songs but all I knew was I wanted to keep dancing with him. The waiter had taken long to bring our drinks so we walked to the counter to pick it ourselves, \uc0{\u8220}can we go out and get some fresh air? And maybe talk a little ?\uc0{\u8221} He asked.\uc0{\u8220}yes, for sure\uc0{\u8221} I replied with the cringiest blush ever. We walked out after getting our drinks and sat in the gardens, we sat in silence for a while as we giggled and looked away each time our eyes locked.\uc0{\u8220}I am Michael and you?\uc0{\u8221} He asked}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Shantel,\uc0{\u8221}I replied}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} well beautiful name for a beautiful girl, you really know how to dance so well, where did you learn all those moves from?\uc0{\u8221} He asked with a grin on his face, this was probably the most cutest of grins I\uc0{\u8217}d ever laid my eyes on.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}my brother dances so I always go with him for rehearsals, I guess that\uc0{\u8217}s where I learnt the moves from. \uc0{\u160}You have nice lips you know ?\uc0{\u8221} I said shyly looking away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}really ? You think I have nice lips?\uc0{\u8221} He asked as he got closer to me, we had been sitting on the grass facing each other but a few meters away from each other.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Come on stop being cheeky, I know you have probably heard that a lot,\uc0{\u8221} I replied shyly}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}hey , look at me ,say it while looking at me,\uc0{\u8221} he said only a few inches away from me as he lifted my face to look directly at him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} You are making me shy,\uc0{\u8221} I blushed as l looked at him, his hand on my chin. My heart was racing, I could feel myself lose breathe literally.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} You have very beautiful eyes you know that right? Ofcourse you do, I\uc0{\u8217}m sure a lot of boys have told you that too,\uc0{\u8221} he said with that grin again that makes me lose my senses.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}well none of those boys make my heart pound like you do right now, and they don\uc0{\u8217}t have as nice lips as you,\uc0{\u8221} I chucked. His hands ran down my neck and held me with so much authority as he pulled me to him with the other hand by my waist and kissed me. I was breathless by the time we stopped. My first kiss from the first boy I ever liked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} are you still shy?\uc0{\u8221} He asked.I nodded because I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t speak anymore, my entire nervous system must have gone into shock in a good way.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Did you like it?\uc0{\u8221} He asked again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}yes\uc0{\u8221} I said breathlessly}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Shantel, Shantel ??\uc0{\u8221} I heard Silvia\uc0{\u8217}s crazily sharp voice pierce through the air,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Ooh here you are, let\uc0{\u8217}s go it\uc0{\u8217}s almost 9pm, get up.\uc0{\u8221} Cynthia said while giving Michael a dirty look. She pulled me off the ground and dragged me to the gate of the pub. I kept looking at Michael with sad teary eyes but he smiled and waved,I waved back and out of the gate I was seated on a Boda on my way home. I was in my head the whole time , Cynthia and Silvia kept mumbling but all I could think of was his hands and lips , that kiss. I wished I could go back but we had a curfew and if we broke this curfew maybe the next Christmas we would never get to go out again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For the next days I kept going back to the pub hoping that I\uc0{\u8217}d find Michael \uc0{\u160}again or find anyone who knew who he was but to no avail.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had had my first kiss with a stranger that I never saw again until date. All I knew was his name if at all that was even his name, I could say I was hallucinating but Cynthia and Silvia both saw him, could we have all hallucinated?}}\par
\sect
}