{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy17\hr06\min48\sec41}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy17\hr06\min48\sec41}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My Brother Mailosi has been doing a business of selling pork meat for almost five years now. The business has been going well and managed to make profits until he opened a grocery from selling pork meat. In the first week of January, 2024, I went to pay him a visit since I missed him. I had been three months without meeting but we could communicate via the phone. He was so happy to see me and I was so happy too. Our bond is very strong between us since we were young. Just that when he got married, he moved and went to stay few miles away from home and that is where is doing his businesses.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While I was still visiting him, a strange incident has attracted a large crowd of curious spectators around the area where my brother stays, where a pig defied all attempts to slaughter it for more than 8 hours. My brother told me that he has been slaughtering pigs for a long time but he has never encountered such a stubborn pig since back then when he started his business. He said he started trying to kill the pig at 6 am, using various methods such as suffocating it, stabbing it on the neck, and pouring boiling water on it, but none of them worked. He said he bought the pig from a guy called Chimtengelo at 100,000mk and the seller was equally baffled by the pig\uc0{\u8217}s resilience.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As time went by and the pig kept refusing to be slaughtered, more and more people gathered around Mailosi\uc0{\u8217}s place. The locals and even those just passing by found the whole situation really interesting. Some thought the owner of the pig had magical powers, while others were just amazed at how stubborn it was. I told my brother to really figure things out, so he asked other butchers and farmers for advice. They suggested different things, like talking to traditional healers or doing special rituals to calm down stubborn spirits. But no matter what they tried, the pig stayed strong, making people in the community really curious and excited.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The attention brought new customers to his grocery store, all hoping to see the famous pig that everyone was talking about. Despite all the chaos, I told my brother to keep trying to find a solution. The situation was a bit confusing and funny for some people, but it also put my brother\uc0{\u8217}s skills as a pig butcher to the test. Little did he know that this strange incident would not only be a memorable part of his business story but also a tale that people in the community would talk about for a long time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I tried calling my brother aside and advised him to take back the pig to the owner because after what has happened, no one would even buy the meat from him due to suspensions from people. He listened to me and took it to the owner. The seller said that he has already used the money but we told him that it was fine to return the money after one month. However, I told my brother to write an agreement with him so that the seller cannot hesitate to give back the money. Everyone at home was so surprised about this incident. My brother tried to buy another pig from somewhere else and it was easy to slaughter. This is where we realized that the other pig had somethings that were going with the owner.}}\par
\sect
}