{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy18\hr14\min57\sec39}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy18\hr14\min57\sec39}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Meet Minister Kofi Adom, once a highly respected member of the African government and the Minister of Education. But little did anyone know, behind the title and the suit was a man who lacked diligence and took shortcuts at every opportunity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minister Adom had a habit of signing every document placed before him by his trusty secretary, Nana Ama, without ever taking the time to read what he was putting his name on. It was a dangerous game he played, and it finally caught up with him in the most unexpected way.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, Nana Ama had had enough of Minister Adom\uc0{\u8217}s laziness and lack of attention to detail. In a fit of frustration, she wrote up his resignation letter and placed it on his desk for him to sign, just like any other day. Unbeknownst to the Minister, he signed away his own job. The letter made its way to the President, and when the truth of Minister Adom\uc0{\u8217}s carelessness was revealed, he was promptly fired from his position.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The downfall of Minister Kofi Adom was a cautionary tale for all who held positions of power. It reminded everyone of the importance of being attentive and responsible, especially when one is entrusted with the education of a nation. His rash actions caused him to lose everything he had worked so hard for, and he was left to reflect on the errors of his ways.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the end, Minister Adom learned that shortcuts and laziness have consequences, and it\uc0{\u8217}s always better to double-check before putting one\uc0{\u8217}s signature on the line.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}