{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy11\hr13\min33\sec56}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy11\hr13\min33\sec56}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A Taxi Driver}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jordan was an orphan who lost both parents in a car accident. The accident took place when Jordan was ten years old. When Jordan\uc0{\u8217}s parent passed away, he remained alone in the house and few months later, one of his uncle\uc0{\u8217}s named Banda brought a buyer to buy the house. After the house was sold, Jordan was told to go to stay with his uncle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Few weeks later, Jordan continued with his primary school education and he proceeded with high school. Jordan finished his high school with good grade and went to the university to study law. From there Jordan struggled a lot with issues related to fees. Whenever Jordan asks his uncle for school fees, he was refusing saying that, \uc0{\u8220}I have been the one paying school fees for you since when you were in primary school and now, I am tired you can also ask other people to support you. I am not the only one in this family, we are having other people who can also pay your school fees. Go to them and ask them to support you financially.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After hearing that Jordan was shocked, he went to one of his friends who was also his school mate to explain to him the issue. \uc0{\u8220}Please Jack helps me I know this may sound strange to you. As you know I am in my last year of the degree program and I am facing financial challenges please help me with two hundred thousand I will give you back let me use it to pay my school fees.\uc0{\u8221} After hearing that, Jack said, \uc0{\u8220}I will help you don\uc0{\u8217}t worry but make sure you payback my money as soon as you have it.\uc0{\u8221} Thank you so much Jack, I really appreciate you for that.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Six months later, Jordan finished his bachelor\uc0{\u8217}s program in law and he celebrated that. After Jordan has finished his studies, he started searching for a job and unfortunately, he did not get one. Luckly enough he came across a woman by name Nina who had compassion after knowing that Jordan he is a graduate but he does not have a job. The woman gave Jordan a car for him to start working as a taxi driver.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Three months later, Jordan while driving, he carried a certain father who was working in the government for many years and he carried him. When he arrived his destination, the man dropped down. Jordan continued his journey and he realized that there was a bag left at a sit behind. He thought that it was for that father because he was the last person he carried that day. Immediately Jordan went back to give the man that bag.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When Jordan handed over the bag to the owner, the man was so excited and wonder if such good-hearted people still exist in this world. Because of the excitement the man had, he promised to help Jordan with a good job in his company. The next day morning, Jordan was invited to meet the man at his work place. When they met the man said, \uc0{\u8220}You are now my accountant and I have already informed all my staff members about it. \uc0{\u8220}Jordan thanked the man a lot and he was filled with joy.}}\par
\sect
}