{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy01\hr17\min21\sec28}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy01\hr17\min21\sec28}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It has been almost three months since the war in Lebanon began. I am very excited; as a European female reporter, this is my first time traveling to a war-torn country like Lebanon. In an hour, I will arrive at my destination, and I feel an unusual anxiety, as if I am going to die. I know it seems normal because I have never faced a war before. As far back as I can remember, I lived in a modest home in southern France, in peace and tranquility, and the loudest sound I had ever heard was the fireworks on New Year\uc0{\u8217}s Eve.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Traveling to Lebanon, a country burning in the flames of war, was a profound and shocking experience for me. When the plane landed at Beirut Airport, my heart began to race. This was a place where life and death were just a step apart. As I exited the airport, the smell of smoke and gunpowder still lingered in the air, and the shadows of war loomed over the people.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the streets of Beirut, scenes of destruction and ruin were visible. Half-destroyed buildings, broken glass, and walls blackened by bullets were all signs of pain and suffering. Yet alongside this devastation, life continued. People with tired but resilient faces were going about their lives.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I approached a small shop. The shopkeeper, a middle-aged man with sad eyes, welcomed me with a bitter smile. He began to talk about his daily life\uc0{\u8212}about the shortage of food and the economic problems caused by the war. Each of his words felt like a hammer striking my head. I could not imagine how he and his family lived under such harsh conditions.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Children were playing in the streets, but signs of fear and anxiety were visible on their faces. This image squeezed my heart. How could they play in such circumstances? Do they understand the concept of war, or are they just seeking moments of joy?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With my camera, I began to capture scenes, but every time I pointed the lens at their faces, I felt that something beyond an image was being captured\uc0{\u8212}a story of hope and despair, love and loss. With each step through the city, I could sense the cries of those buried under the rubble, each brick that had fallen echoing their pain.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This trip was not just a news assignment for me; it was an opportunity to delve into our humanity, but it was in vain! I was sure that everyone knew about the war in Beirut and had seen all these images. The images of darkness and sorrow of these people have been broadcast in all publications and news for three months. People analyze these individuals as either innocent or complicit in this war.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was tired of this news; I wanted to showcase a different image of Beirut and show that even in these ruins, some things are still alive and need to be saved. After that day, I wandered more through the streets of Beirut to choose a story among the thousands of silent stories here and write it\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, I decided to walk down a road that was once the most luxurious road in Beirut. Nothing on this road was different from others; everywhere, like the ten other alleys I had walked through, there were only gray remnants of war. However, something in this road was different; I caught a whiff of fresh paint. In the middle of the road, I saw a well-dressed man in a suit surrounded by paintings. I approached a small art gallery. There, I saw him working meticulously and focused on his canvas. His face seemed relaxed, but at the same time, something about him had changed. He was a man who had lost his mind and seemed to still live in a past world.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He continued his work, elegantly and carefreely, as if he were standing in the midst of a destroyed alley. Without saying a word, I looked at his paintings. It was strange; except for two or three flower paintings, all of them depicted one specific image: a girl holding a cup, sitting at an outdoor table of a luxurious caf\uc0{\u233}, dressed in red aristocratic attire.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I stepped closer to ask him about the story of this beautiful queen when I felt someone gently tap my shoulder as a sign of calling me. It was the shopkeeper. He told me the bitterest love story of him: \uc0{\u8221}He has been insane for three months!\uc0{\u8221} Every day, he stands in this very corner of the street, in front of the caf\uc0{\u233} that was once beloved by his sweetheart, and paints her image. He does not want to believe that she is no longer there, or perhaps his mind has truly stopped at that time!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wanted to tell him the truth, but I confess he is the only one who is still alive inside; he brings color to this gray painting of war. I did not want to kill his pure and innocent feeling with reality because it embodies both the bitterest effect of war and the sweetest lie of war. The war has made the reality of his life bitter, but with this lie, he even presents war as a beautiful art form.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We did not want to shatter his pure feelings with the truth.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I understood what the shopkeeper was saying; it seemed that he was immersed in his own world and nothing could pull him away from this illusion. With every brushstroke, he painted his love and waited with endless hope for the day she would pass this alleys by again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He did not know that his beloved had died in the war in Beirut. This bitter truth remained hidden from him, and every day he dressed neatly and elegantly, preparing himself in case he might see her once more. It seemed as if time had stopped for him, and in his world, everything was still in motion.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As a reporter, I decided to write his story. But a deep fear gripped my heart; a fear that one day he would know the truth, and this bitter reality would shatter his heart. Every time I approached him, I felt I had to be careful not to say anything that would pull back the curtain on reality.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, I approached him and asked why he painted these pictures. With eyes full of excitement and a big smile, he said, \uc0{\u8221}This is my Maria. Every day I wait for her to pass by here. I even learned English and borrowed this suit from Ahmad the shopkeeper, to look more stylish. One day, I will tell her how eagerly and secretly I painted her.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t tell him that she was no longer in this world. I simply smiled at him and said, \uc0{\u8221}Your art is very beautiful.\uc0{\u8221} But inside, I felt a heaviness. Would there ever come a day when he would know the truth? Would his heart be able to bear this pain?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Days passed, and I continued to write his story. Every day I visited him, and each time I saw his paintings, I felt that a part of that woman\uc0{\u8217}s soul was alive in his works. But my fear of the day when the truth would be revealed to him grew stronger with each passing day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the days went by, I continued to watch the paintings of that man. I listened to the story of this beautiful love from him; every colorful canvas he created depicted another world\uc0{\u8212}a world where war and destruction were forgotten. With every brushstroke, he brought forth images of Beirut that carried a scent of life and love. It was as if he was reviving beauty amidst these wars through his art.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His paintings not only changed the image of Beirut but also stirred deep emotions within me. In those works, I felt hope and despair, love and loss. Each painting had a story to tell\uc0{\u8212}stories of lives lost in war and loves buried among the ruins.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He would tell me every day that today he would go and confess to her, but I told him ,you would be better to wait until tomorrow.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But finally, he made his decision; he wanted to go to that girl\uc0{\u8217}s house with his paintings. Every day he would wait until evening, saying she would pass by one day.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But this morning, he was ready to go with an even stranger excitement, as if my secrets had no effect. He had adorned each canvas with flowers and had prepared himself for departure.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I looked into his eyes, I saw the image of a hunter who wanted to hunt himself down.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I felt a strange sensation in my heart. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t convince myself to stay there and witness the moment when the truth might become clear to him. The fear that one day he would find out that his beloved was no longer in this world weighed heavily on my heart like a shadow. I preferred to keep him in my mind as a lover; a lover who had told himself the most beautiful lies.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With these thoughts, I decided at that moment to leave and not hear the sound of his breaking heart. I walked down the road until the end, without looking back to see if he was still there or not, and from there, I took a direct flight, leaving Beirut with all its ruins and beauty behind. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to see whether he understood the truth or not. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t bear to let the end of my story be colored gray by war again; my heart wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t allow me to bury all that hope in the ground and strip the beautiful canvases of their vibrant colors.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As a reporter, I wrote only a few sentences about the war in Beirut: \uc0{\u8221}The war, with its painful roads, innocent children, and his paintings, had changed everything. Beirut was no longer the city that once overflowed with life and love. The war had transformed everything.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This was the only report I could give because all the roads shared a single color, a single scent, and a single image. The only thing that differed was the stories of dreams hidden beneath the rubble. I had only heard one story, and I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have the courage to see what would happen next. Who knows, perhaps like that painter, there was a child waiting for his mother, or a hungry person waiting for his meal, or a homeless soul still dreaming of the safe roof of his home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And I, amidst these ruins, held only the image of a lover in my mind; a lover whose paintings remained alive and whose love for his beloved never faded. With these feelings, I headed toward distant horizons, a place where perhaps I could forget and move on. Or like him, tell myself a great lie: that (humans are still human and do not set each other\uc0{\u8217}s lives ablaze with gunpowder).}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Reyhan shams}}\par
\sect
}