{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy18\hr12\min08\sec54}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy18\hr12\min08\sec54}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Please forgive me for what I\uc0{\u8217}m about to do. I\uc0{\u8217}ve thought about it since yesterday night when I told you I felt neglected and the whole of today. I have fully made up my mind.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After giving the best I had, tell me what to give after that? There\uc0{\u8217}s clearly someone else occupying your time and energy and it\uc0{\u8217}s not me. It\uc0{\u8217}s fine I accept, please allow me to remove myself. Please don\uc0{\u8217}t try to deny it, I\uc0{\u8217}ve been having the same feeling\uc0{\u160} for some time now. Yesterday night, you were obviously talking to someone else more important. And then comes the Thursday issue, your story is not straight, you know it and I do . There\uc0{\u8217}s obviously something more information you left out that I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t know. Please respect my decision. I\uc0{\u8217}m just doing what\uc0{\u8217}s best for me. Don\uc0{\u8217}t\uc0{\u160} try to contact me, you won\uc0{\u8217}t get to me, I\uc0{\u8217}ve made sure of that. I hope you understand. I do love you, but I love myself more that\uc0{\u8217}s why I\uc0{\u8217}m walking away from this. Please respect this and I hope the other girl is worth what you have lost.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Taku spent the next ten minutes rereading the text he had received in his phone. He tried to type a response seven times but he always found himself deleting his words before completing the text. He was in the process of losing someone who had been good to him and he was slowly realising that. Tino\uc0{\u8217}s words touched him. He felt like the worst person on this earth. It\uc0{\u8217}s like he had used her, not to deny the affection he had developed for her from the beautify moments they had shared. In as much as his mind was fixed on Rumbi, Tino had been the distraction that he needed. A flicker of light in a time of darkness. For a moment he had begun to feel confident about himself knowing that he was worth someone\uc0{\u8217}s love. Someone who treated him with respect and never felt like he was a second option. Now what had he done! Thrown all that walk in paradise away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Hi Tino, can I please meet with you to discuss this. I really cherish\uc0{\u160} and wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t want to lose you.\uc0{\u8221} Just as he tried to send the text on WhatsApp, it made one tick and not the usual double to indicate delivery of the message. He had been blocked. He instantly schemed through his applications gallery on his cellphone in search of the instagram application. He had been blocked there too! Taku then tried to make a direct call.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Sorry, the subscriber you have dialed is not reachable, please try again later,\uc0{\u8221} said the female computer voice on the other end.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His heart sank. He sat down, just looking around his bed for something he did not know. Anything that could help him at this time. Walk to Tino\uc0{\u8217}s hostel to see her? He could have done that the day he embarrassed her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As Taku got out of the trance with Rumbi standing with a cake of apology before him, he instantly knew that that two girls could not coexist in one room. He had to think fast. With his bare feet, he gave Rumbi a hug with a surprised look on his face and tip toed with her out of the hostel.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} My roommate\uc0{\u8217}s girlfriend is in, hence you can\uc0{\u8217}t get in,\uc0{\u8221} he said to Rumbi as she was also confused why he was leading her outside.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Of course it was a lie, but he had to think of something real quick. His heart was racing and it was increasingly difficult to focus on what Rumbi was saying at that time. All he was thinking of was how to handle Tino in a way that would not cause drama. Just as he got to the car park, he did a tiny catch up talk with Rumbi to clear out the air from her and remove her suspicion. Rumbi wanted to formally apologise. But well, she was the least of his worries at that time. He knew at this time Tino was beginning to wonder what was going on.She had been left sitting in the room without any excuse and explanation. He feared she would follow a potential drama that could erupt between her and Rumbi. He had managed to maintain a low profile at the university and wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t want to hit the headlines for the guy who double crossed two girls. He wasn\uc0{\u8217}t that person. Rumbi had just walked back into his life uninvited to disturb the tranquility he was enjoying with Tino. Taku felt stupid for not turning Rumbi away the moment she showed up.This could have saved him from all this maze.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Can I make an important call please?\uc0{\u8221} Taku asked as Rumbi was just about to start her apology speech.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Sure you can,\uc0{\u8221} she replied as he walked a few yards away not waiting for her approval.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Hie brother, can you please tell Tino that I had an unexpected visit from a family member whom I can\uc0{\u8217}t allow to come into the room. Let her know that I\uc0{\u8217}d visit her as soon as I get free.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Mmmm were you just about to create drama?\uc0{\u8221} Theophilus laughed on the other end.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ll explain everything when I see you,\uc0{\u8221} Taku said before he hung up, almost perspiring from the adrenaline.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At least one half of the problem was solved, he would deal with the consequences later. He walked back to where Rumbi was.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Is everything okay?\uc0{\u8221} She asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Oh yah! It was a minor domestic issue I was taking care of. Don\uc0{\u8217}t mind.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Taku, I want to apologise for everything that I\uc0{\u8217}ve put you through. After giving it a deep though I\uc0{\u8217}ve come to the realization that you are the one for me and no one else. I want to love you as if I\uc0{\u8217}m going to lose you tomorrow.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Taku looked straight into her eyes. She stood there looking very vulnerable, the same look she had given him when she woke up from her operation. She meant what she said and he really had a soft spot for this girl. Taku gave Rumbi a long embrace. As he was facing in the distance in here opposite direction, he thought of how he was to explain everything to Tino.}}\par
\sect
}