{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy22\hr10\min23\sec07}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy22\hr10\min23\sec07}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A UBA\uc0{\u8217}s valentine chapter four: I\uc0{\u8217}m always there for you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Hello! Rumbi, are you there?\uc0{\u8221} The voice repeated itself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Taku hesitated to  say a word over the phone. This was his former roommate who had warned him to stay away from his girlfriend Rumbi. Let alone telling him that he had assisted her in murdering his child would add fuel to the hatred that had consumed their once cordial relationship. One thought assured him that he was justified to have done this. He was helping a friend.One that Greg himself had dumped to experience the shame of carrying a growing fatherless belly with an \uc0{\u8220}unmarried\uc0{\u8221} tag on her forehead. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Taku knew how bad this would have been for him. His Christian mind reminded him that he had broken the sixth commandment of Moses; Thou shall not kill. He was going to hell for this. \uc0{\u8220}But anyways, I am just a middleman. I am not physically involved in the process,\uc0{\u8221} Taku thought to himself. As he was still trying to formulate the words to utter a response over the phone he heard his name being called from a distance. The voice seemed to come from a silhouette of a human being.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Taku! Taku!\uc0{\u8221} Sounded the echoing voice.As the image in front of him started to clear up. He saw the doctor standing in front of him. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Have you been drinking or digging a whole mountain before you came here?\uc0{\u8221} The doctor asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At that instant, he figured that he was having a dream. He had fallen into the trance the moment when he got lost into thought sitting at the bench where he was waiting for Rumbi who had gone in for the operation. All that had transpired in the dream was fictitious. Most importantly Greg\uc0{\u8217}s call was not real!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I hope you come bearing some good news this time?\uc0{\u8221} He asked as he was wiping the streak of saliva that had stained his cheek.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Did anybody speak to you before?\uc0{\u8221} The doctor asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No answer came from Taku. He wasn\uc0{\u8217}t sure now which of which happened when he was in deep thought or when he was sleeping.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Anyways the pregnancy was fourteen weeks hence I had to do a dilation and evacuation to remove all the remnant products of conception. This is a procedure whereby I used a tiny tube to suck out the baby from her womb. The procedure went on well with little bleeding hence we should expect her waking up very soon. However she had a risk of getting adhesions from the surgery which could reduce her chances of getting pregnant in the future. Also make sure she is on contraception until she has properly healed,\uc0{\u8221} said the doctor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For a moment, Taku felt relieved. It was not as bad as he had dreamt. At least from what he understood. If this secret was kept between them, there was no need to give any explanation to anyone anymore. He would simply take Rumbi back home and start the painful process of leaving her life again. Hopefully this time he would find genuine reasons to stay away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t forget to get me my six hundred dollars for this. You can come in after ten minutes to see her.She\uc0{\u8217}ll be up by then.\uc0{\u8221} The doctor shouted a response as he was almost at the door to the building he had come from when he made the last statement.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 How he was going to get that much amount of money, no one knew. This was the same reason Rumbi had left him in the first place. He couldn\uc0{\u8217}t afford to take care of her needs. As he walked towards the door to the operation room where Rumbi was, he said  to himself, \uc0{\u8220}I will cross the bridge when I get there.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\sect
}