{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy23\hr17\min28\sec24}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy23\hr17\min28\sec24}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They say when a child is born, she descends from the sky with two wings. She grows, falls and rises again with those wings. Her wings teach her to fly, her wings heal her wounds and pains. Her wings are as important as the light in her eyes, as important as her breath, as strong and persistent as the heartbeat that pumps through her body. Those two wings are all that a child needs to rise.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They say I had two wings when I came down from the sky, but I only ever felt one. A broken and injured wing, but it was very strong, kind like a deer, harmless like a sparrow, tender like the eighteenth flower of a tulip leaf and calm like the morning breeze.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 ***}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her name was Anis. She was a beautiful girl, she was happy, full of life, ideals and wishes. She had a goal: being a creator of beauty\uc0{\u8212}a painter, perhaps. She knew she could succeed, but she did not know if they would let her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So many girls live the same story, but most of them never reach their goals.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anis never wanted to be the wife of someone who opposes the advancement of women, but they sold her dreams for a few acres of agricultural land.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was almost evening, everyone was happy and dancing, but Anis\uc0{\u8217}s day felt shorter than the rest of the night. The pages of her life became wet with her cold tears, her world grew tight as her red shoes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the twenty-seventh of May 2021, Anis was taken to her husband\uc0{\u8217}s house. She had never seen the house before, and she knew nobody who lived there. All night, she whispered quietly, trying to convince herself that maybe marriage is the right thing, maybe she could still paint her dreams, maybe she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t run, maybe all she could do was accept.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 None of the family members treated Anis well. Even her husband, who was meant to share her sorrows and joys, treated her very badly, as if she was a commodity he possessed. Anis silently listened to their insults. Faced with their atrocities, still she remained silent.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I always thought Anis made a big mistake thinking that her silence would protect her, that the day would come when they stopped bothering her, but then I remember Anis was beaten to death for eaten half a bread at 5 o\uc0{\u8217}clock in the evening, and then I understand that silence was the best way, because when you are silent, at least you can breathe.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anis was beaten most nights by her husband. She did not have the right to speak, and she could not defend herself. She lived in complete darkness. Tired and hopeless, she continued to live a life in absolute darkness; each day, she felt the life slip away from her body.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 New year came, everyone had wishes, everyone was happy. But Anis sat quietly in the corner of the room without moving. Her heart too brimmed with wishes and desires, but hers were different from the rest. \uc0{\u8220}I wish I could stay in past year.; Oh, I wish it would never be a new year for me,\uc0{\u8221} she thought, because she knew that each year she would be beaten and oppressed more than the one before.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everyone was waiting impatiently for Anis to become pregnant. Her husband fought with her each night because she didn\uc0{\u8217}t get pregnant. She did not want to get pregnant. She knew her child would not survive the beatings of her husband\uc0{\u8217}s family and she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t accept that her child would have to live a life like hers. But on the other hand, everyone told her that if she had a child, her life would be better. \uc0{\u8220}Really, was that possible?\uc0{\u8221} she thought hopefully.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anis became pregnant.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The child in her womb grew bigger every day, but Anis wasn\uc0{\u8217}t fed properly. Every day she faced more and more problems.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One hot summer day, when she was going to the market with her mother-in-law, she heard the loud voice of a fruit seller, \uc0{\u8221}We have watermelons! Come buy watermelon! We have sweet and fresh watermelons!\uc0{\u8221} Anis was deeply absorbed in imagining eating a sweet watermelon, she wanted it more than anything else. Quietly, she asked her mother-in-law, \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m craving watermelon. Can you buy it for me?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}No!\uc0{\u8221} said her mother-in-law. \uc0{\u8221}Tell your husband to buy it for you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At night, when Anis\uc0{\u8217}s husband came home, she told him what happened, she told him she asked for her most basic right. \uc0{\u8220}Look at yourself!\uc0{\u8221} said her husband. \uc0{\u8221}Do you think that I work from morning to night just to buy whatever you desire?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anis kept repeating a four-word sentence to herself (I don\uc0{\u8217}t want anything) until her heart became empty of any desire.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 How can a person not provide such a basic thing for a pregnant woman? Later, I thought, is he really a human?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When Anis reached the fifth month of pregnancy, she grew very weak. She begged her husband for a sonograph every night, just to make sure her child was healthy and to know the gender, but he refused. He didn\uc0{\u8217}t want anyone to see her wounded face, he didn\uc0{\u8217}t want anyone to find out he almost beat a pregnant woman to death.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anis grew weaker each month, but she was strong and determined and she kept resisting. A light of hope grew in her womb.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Finally, after 9 months and 10 days, at 3 o\uc0{\u8217}clock in the morning, Anis began to feel pain.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Ahmad! Ahmad!\uc0{\u8221} she said. \uc0{\u8221}Wake up! I think I\uc0{\u8217}m going to give birth!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}No. Now is not the time for you to give birth. Go back to sleep.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}But I\uc0{\u8217}m in pain! Let\uc0{\u8217}s go to the hospital.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What do you mean hospital? Who said you would give birth in a hospital?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Ahmad, won\uc0{\u8217}t you take me to the hospital so that your child will be born healthier and safer?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}No. You don\uc0{\u8217}t need a hospital. You will give birth here. I\uc0{\u8217}m going to call my mother.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 ***}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anis was twisting in pain. Everyone shouted at her to calm down. \uc0{\u8221}Bad girl! Just because you\uc0{\u8217}re giving birth doesn\uc0{\u8217}t mean you have to make so much noise.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anis endured fourteen hours of pain. Then she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t bear it any longer. Nobody did anything. They should have taken her to the hospital, but her husband was afraid that if the doctor\uc0{\u8217}s saw she was beaten, he would have to go back to prison.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At 5 o\uc0{\u8217}clock in the afternoon Anis could no longer scream. Her child was born, a beautiful, calm and innocent girl. Right after, Anis began to bleed heavily. She needed a transfusion, but there was no hospital nor blood. She felt like her duty was finished, soon she\uc0{\u8217}d be free and fly back to the skies.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anis had suffered severe blood loss; she had a heart attack and became completely paralyzed. She couldn\uc0{\u8217}t hug her daughter, who was made of angels and smelled of flowers. She couldn\uc0{\u8217}t look at her and greet her with a beautiful smile. She couldn\uc0{\u8217}t kiss her and say, \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m looking at you! Don\uc0{\u8217}t be afraid! Here, rest in my arms.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 ***}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Fifteen years have passed since that terrible event. I am sitting next to Anis\uc0{\u8217} lifeless body, and I listen to the sweet tone of her voice. She tells me her bitter and painful memories.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Today I turned 15 years old. When I descended from the sky, I only had one wing. It was broken and wounded, but it was very strong and determined. A wing as kind as a deer, harmless like a sparrow, tender like the eighteenth flower of a tulip, calm like the morning breeze and self-sacrificing like a mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One of my wings is named father, the other is mother. I\uc0{\u8217}m fifteen years old now, but I only felt the presence of the wing named mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anis went through so many difficulties, and she didn\uc0{\u8217}t have wings to support her. At least I have one wing who gives me hope and inspires me to write.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anis is my mother. I am her daughter, Laleh. My mother bravely sacrificed herself so that I can write the bitter story of her life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I always ask myself, why? Why me and my mother? Why do girls and women like us have to become the victims of other people\uc0{\u8217}s desires? Why do we have to endure all this pain? What is the problem? What should we do? Where can we go? Who should I talk to?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother left me one of her old notebooks. There\uc0{\u8217}s a sentence written inside that says, \uc0{\u8221}Even if they close the doors we should still learn to jump over the walls and not give up.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But me\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I will not let my fate be filled with ruin and blackness like the fate of my mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I write.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From myself,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From my mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And from the tired, lifeless, broken and wounded wing that still gives me hope for tomorrow.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No matter how hard and dark is for you, how life makes you suffer, you can always light a match and try to find your way to the sunlight.}}\par
\sect
}