{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy23\hr05\min55\sec41}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy23\hr05\min55\sec41}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 HOSPITAL VISIT}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We parked in the parking lot a few meters away from the hospital\uc0{\u8217}s white building which had then changed color to brown due to dust. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I shut the driver\uc0{\u8217}s door, the afternoon heat of 40 degrees Celsius washed through my body. In the car it was 16 degrees Celsius, so, you can imagine how Juba heat hit me. It was like jumping from snowy Limuru into a smelting factory.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There were only a few cars in the parking lot. The car park extended along the fence made of a high red brick wall. I assumed it went all the way around the building. Black metal poles stuck out on top of the fence at intervals with thin electric wires horizontally attached. Yellow-painted metals with a black symbol of electric shock and DANGER written underneath were at irregular intervals. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Neem trees near the wall swayed in a light breeze like Spanish dancers. Bright yellow neem fruits and dry green leaves sparsely littered. It looked like it was cleaned in the morning but the space was littered again as the day went on. What a struggle to maintain a serene environment!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As we walked to the building entrance, several reflections of the sunlight from the hospital windows almost blinded my eyes. I had no sunglasses on unlike my South Sudanese-American friend, Majun, who never parted with his sunglasses. He had oversized black sunglasses on that made his high cheekbones and concave nose stood out on his face. He wore a teal vest, a herringbone brown palm hat, tight blue jeans, and black leather shoes. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We entered the hospital reception. Cold AC air was the first thing I noticed. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I put the car keys into my shorts right pocket and took out my handkerchief. Beads of sweat dotted my forehead threatening to flow down my face if not stopped imminently. I wiped my face with the handkerchief and put it back inside my pocket. I was glad I wore shorts that day. I would have soaked my trouser with sweat. Would have walked around like a man who has wetted himself. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Majun removed his sunglasses and hung them on his vest\uc0{\u8217}s front collar. He was not sweating. I wondered how at sixty kilograms of weight I was all the time sweating more than him. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Wooh! This is what \uc0{\u8217}am talking abou\uc0{\u8217} baby. So good,\uc0{\u8221} Majun said, in his Black American accent. He dragged on the word \uc0{\u8217}good\uc0{\u8217}. He was always excited about almost everything. He complained a lot but he made up for that negativity by enjoying so many little things I did not care exclaiming about. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At the tea places in the Juba markets, when there was a perfect balance of sugar in his coffee, Majun celebrated it and praised the ladies who had prepared it. But if there was an imbalance, he would go wild. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He would say, \uc0{\u8221}Hey bro, what is wrong here, man? Apart from running a failed state, y\uc0{\u8217}all can\uc0{\u8217}t make good coffee too? Damn!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Directly to the door was a shiny reception desk with two females loudly flipping through files. On a wall behind them was a shelf filled with files and ornate trophies and certificates. I wondered for a while, \uc0{\u8221}Who is that awarding hospitals in Juba? They are awarding the wrong hospitals.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On our left was a corridor that led to doctors\uc0{\u8217} rooms and the wards. The walls were white as were the floor tiles.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To the right was a small assembly of sofa sets with a large TV playing mounted high on a wall. ZEE WORLD channel was playing at a low volume that intermixed with the sound of a huge tall AC next to it. All the seats were empty. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Majun walked to the reception desk while I walked towards the AC. I sat on a couch in front of the AC. Medium size potted plants were under the TV; two dark green palms and two cypress trees. An approximately 2-metre-long aquarium with colorful fish, big and small, was at the end of the ceramic white wall that ended at a brown wooden door with the words CAFETERIA, in white, written on a blue plate above it. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I looked at the TV, Indians were dancing to some song I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t hear. I removed my handkerchief and wiped the sweat from my forehead again. My sweating took a while to stop.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yoh! I am gonna check on my momma. I will be back in a few,\uc0{\u8221} Majun yelled from the desk. His deep loud voice disrupted the equanimity that we found in the reception. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I am coming,\uc0{\u8221} I shouted back. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Guys, lower your voices. We prefer silence in this place,\uc0{\u8221} one of the receptionists complained. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Nah, you don\uc0{\u8217}t wanna see her right now. She is not in the right mindset for visitors,\uc0{\u8221} Majun said, as he sauntered off past the reception to a hallway. I was not in the mood to walk away from the AC either, so, I did not insist. Besides, I had never met his mother and did not know much about her. I did not know what to do in that kind of scenario, meeting someone for the first time in a pitiful state bedridden by a disease. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I leaned back and snuggled into the couch. I absentmindedly watched the TV. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At the Film and Photography office where he worked, Majun always talked of visiting his mother at the hospital every Friday afternoon for the past three months I had known him. He had exquisite video editing skills that made him get employed at the company within a week of applying. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On that Friday, Majun\uc0{\u8217}s car was at the mechanic. It was supposed to be repaired by that afternoon but the mechanic delayed his job. Majun yelled at the mechanic and threatened he would sue him. I was seated behind my car\uc0{\u8217}s wheel, watching them by the window, sticking my head out to shout, \uc0{\u8221}We don\uc0{\u8217}t sue people in this country we beat them up\uc0{\u8221} followed by laughter. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The mechanic shouted back at Majun. They exchanged insults for five minutes straight before Majun\uc0{\u8217}s phone reminder rang. He took the phone out of his pocket, silent the ringtone while frenetically running to my car. Well, this wasn\uc0{\u8217}t my car, it belonged to my cousin Azii. He opened the car door and sat next to me. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Drive nigga,\uc0{\u8221} he frantically said as if we had just robbed a bank. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}To where?\uc0{\u8221} I asked, confused. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}To see mom,\uc0{\u8221} he said. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know where the hospital is. Besides, I have to get this car back to the owner,\uc0{\u8221} I said. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}You are free this afternoon. What work are you going to do?\uc0{\u8221} Majun asked. He put on the seatbelt. It\uc0{\u8217}s true I had no work that afternoon I was always idle. I am among those graduates who can\uc0{\u8217}t find work in Juba. If you have no one to hold your hand in that country you will trek. I tarmac the whole country with my feet for about six months until the soles worn out. In short, you need a godfather to make it. \uc0{\u8221}I have to go somewhere with the car by 5 PM,\uc0{\u8221} I told him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I have work to do,\uc0{\u8221} I lied. I had no major work to do that afternoon. I used to work over the weekend to occupy my time and I had my heart set on growth instead of engaging in my self-destructive ways. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Please take me to the hospital to see Mom,\uc0{\u8221} he begged. \uc0{\u8221}She is the only reason why I came back to this fucked up place. Man, I love my mom.\uc0{\u8221} Face sullen, he took his glasses from his vest and put them on. The work I was going to do was not more important than him going to check on his mother at a hospital. I hesitantly accepted and started the ignition. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Go to Bilpam road next to Libya Market. I\uc0{\u8217}ll direct you from there,\uc0{\u8221} Majun said. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Fuck that guy. Lazy retard!\uc0{\u8221} I quietly drove on. I put on an FM radio. I had learned to keep quiet whenever he was complaining.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the radio, a man talked as Jay-Z\uc0{\u8217}s Forever Young slowly faded off \uc0{\u8221}This is your presenter Danson D\uc0{\u8217}chere on Classic FM bringing you hits and hits, local and International songs. Playing next is your boy John Frog, Froggy Froggy style Action and Energy.\uc0{\u8221} The man said. Action and Energy played on the radio. Majun abruptly dropped his gloomy face and enjoyed the song. He happily sang along. I could barely hear John Frog\uc0{\u8217}s voice. I increased the volume. Majun was fascinated by how fast his emotions shifted from one state to another within seconds. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I had enough cooling, I went to the cafeteria. I passed among four tables in the room with four chairs around them. No one was in the cafeteria. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A stout woman was wearing a pastel pink apron with earphones shoved into her ears, behind a counter watching a video on her smartphone and giggling. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Hello,\uc0{\u8221} I said. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No answer. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I tapped the counter. She paused the video and slowly looked up. Her face changed from a smile to a serious face. I could sense she did not want to serve any customer. Her biggest concern was to be left alone, to watch whatever that movie was. I bought cold bottled mineral water and walked back to the reception. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the exact spot I had sat, sat a slender man with his clasped hands between his thighs. His face was fixed on the TV. He wore a patient gown dotted with black-and-white patterns. I sat on the same couch but on a farther edge, leaving three seats between us. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I looked at the aquarium. A koi playfully swam after a goldfish frolicking among many other fish. I opened the bottle and sipped the water. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Hello, I am Kuol,\uc0{\u8221} he said without looking at me. I could see at the edge of his mouth a smile as he looked straight ahead. I could barely figure out if he was talking and smiling at me or the gazelle grazing on the field on the TV. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Hello Kuol, nice to meet you,\uc0{\u8221} I said, hoping he was talking to me. I told him my name. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I removed my sandals and sat in a lotus position on the sofa. I put the bottle on my legs. Cold water droplets from the back of the bottle spread over my feet. So good, Majun\uc0{\u8217}s voice came into my mind as I felt my feet getting colder from the droplets. Kuol sharply turned his face without moving his arms or shoulders. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Nice to meet you too,\uc0{\u8221} he said with a raspy voice. \uc0{\u8221}Are you a patient?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}No, I came to visit my friend\uc0{\u8217}s mother,\uc0{\u8221} I said. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I put the bottle on the floor. I looked at the man. His thin face slowly turned to the TV. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}You look like me when I was young,\uc0{\u8221} he said looking at the TV. I did not know what to say so I just looked at the TV, but the voices inside me were saying \uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t look like nobody bro.\uc0{\u8221}. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Do you know how one ends up here?\uc0{\u8221} he asked me, still looking at the TV. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}When they are sick, I guess, or when\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Wrong!\uc0{\u8221} Kuol shouted at me. I jolted. \uc0{\u8221}I know how it starts. I can tell you if you want to know. My memory has tremendously improved.\uc0{\u8221} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Tell me,\uc0{\u8221} I said, intrigued. I was more of a listener than a talker whenever I interacted with people. I had made a lot of lasting relationships in that manner, including my friendship with Majun. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}It started on that fateful day. It was\uc0{\u8230} Wait, I will remember,\uc0{\u8221} he held up a clenched fist of his right hand to his chest. The left hand is still in the air. He stood up and started standing militarily. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yes!\uc0{\u8221} He said and marched on like those soldiers in the South Sudan People\uc0{\u8217}s Defense Force (SSPDF) when in the parade. His face turned to me. Shoulders unmoving. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}It was the end of the war. Soldiers were resting as I walked around to inspect the wounded, but I never found my friend. They told me he was in the tents getting treated, I went to check on him but I never reached him. Those bastards have moved him. Five minutes later we were hit by a missile in our camp leaving many people wounded. I picked up a gun and ran towards the enemy line\uc0{\u8221} he made a hand gesture of a gun and squatted too low like he was hiding from something. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t understand,\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}It is okay. Most people don\uc0{\u8217}t know about this war, they only talk about the second one in 2016. You see before I was sick in my whole body, it had first started with the loss of my hearing, then my sight. By the time I realized something was wrong, the illness was all over my body and nobody in the world could help me,\uc0{\u8221} he said. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}You look well now,\uc0{\u8221} I said. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I am not, but I will be. I have hope,\uc0{\u8221} he said. He clasped his hands, placed them on the gown on his thigh, and looked at the TV. He rocked his upper body back and forth, eyes fixed on the TV. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Oh, I remember a fundamental thing you should know, uh, what was your name again?\uc0{\u8221} Kuol stopped rocking his body and stayed still as he watched the TV. A lion was stalking the gazelle obliviously grazing away from the field. I repeated Jones is my name. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Okay, John. It had started with me not seeing anything. I was not blind but I did not see things as normally as I used to do. I went to the\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} He looked on his lap and massaged his balls with both hands with his eyes tightly closed. After a few seconds he relaxed, he smelled his hands clasped them, and placed them on his lap. He looked at the TV. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yes, I was a school teacher, I went to school early in the morning. But, from the time I woke up, till I went to work, I did not see any buildings, trees, people, garbage\uc0{\u8230} Nothing. Yes, I saw vehicles moving but I did not see anyone inside. Why was I working in school?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}To earn a living?\uc0{\u8221} I said looking confused. He looked at me, shook his head, and laid back on the sofa. He spread his hands out above the back pillows. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Wrong! But, thinking of it now, you might be right. I wanted to gain some knowledge to share with some people, to show them the way to become like Dr. John Garang. I toiled for years for this knowledge. Oh, I gave them too much knowledge but in the end, they dumped me. Meanwhile, my sickness kept on getting worse. I never reached that level our hero was in. Now, here I am, in this building giving my knowledge to doctors so that I can stay alive,\uc0{\u8221} he said. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wondered what that knowledge was and who had tricked him. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t wrap my head around it. So, I let it go. I was a good listener, but listening did not guarantee me full understanding all the time. It was one of my weaknesses I was working on overcoming before I reach thirty. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yoh, big man, you ain\uc0{\u8217}t asleep yet?\uc0{\u8221} Majun came behind us. He stood in front of Kuol. He blocked the TV with his huge body. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}You motherfucker, move away! \uc0{\u8217}Engu guac mor\uc0{\u8217}(the fuck is wrong with you?) I don\uc0{\u8217}t sleep and stop coming here,\uc0{\u8221} Kuol said with anger on his face. I could not tell if he was really angry or if he was joking. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Majun widely smiling, held out a fist on Kuol\uc0{\u8217}s face. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Give me that, son of a bitch \uc0{\u8217}menth a guec\uc0{\u8217},\uc0{\u8221} Majun said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kuol smiled and pounded Majun\uc0{\u8217}s fist. Majun walked towards me. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Bring me some books, next time you come here,\uc0{\u8221} Kuol said. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Nah, I ain\uc0{\u8217}t bringing nobody no books. Nurses said you throw books at \uc0{\u8217}em,\uc0{\u8221} Majun said. I got up. We walked out of the hospital, into the scorching sun. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We entered the car and drove back to Juba city center. We passed under large shades of mango trees which allowed small rays of sunshine to pierce through, creating small spotlights on the dark tarmac.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}How is your mother?\uc0{\u8221} I asked as I took a curve and drove out of the mango trees. We headed on a road that passed through a large maize plantation. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What were you talking about with that madman?\uc0{\u8221} Majun asked. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I ain\uc0{\u8217}t got an idea,\uc0{\u8221} I said, smiling. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Damn! Never do that accent again. You seemed to have bonded or something.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Is he mad, like literally mad?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Get serious, buddy. That was a Psychiatric Hospital. That is why Mom is there. My mom has been sick for over a year now. The war messed her up, man.\uc0{\u8221} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I recalled how Kuol talked and behaved. True, something was not right with him, I thought. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Everyone there done loosened their nuts except the employees,\uc0{\u8221} Majun went on. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Oh, that is why I did not understand him,\uc0{\u8221} I sighed. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Man, stop messing with me. Anyone can spot it on the billboards on the way to the hospital. Also, right at the hospital gate, the name of the hospital is written: Freedom Psychiatric Hospital,\uc0{\u8221} Majun spelled the hospital name, word by word. He gestured how wide the billboards were by spreading his arms out till hit my left arm. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I did not see it, bro,\uc0{\u8221} I said, getting uneasy. I looked at the billboards ahead standing on poles towering out of the maize to see the hospital name, but, I saw nothing. I saw empty, milk-white billboards. I said next time I will come on my own to have some normal time with Kuol, Majun laughed and said \uc0{\u8221}You deserve to be in there with them. You are done being crazy you are one of the madmen in this country.\uc0{\u8221} We both laughed as we drove in the traffic. He continued talking \uc0{\u8221}Do you remember when you told that young booty waitress at Comrade Restaurant\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} he laughed as he said the word booty-ful. I call ladies with big curvy butts \uc0{\u8217}booty-ful\uc0{\u8217}. He finished laughing \uc0{\u8221}Yeah, that booty-ful lady when she told you that she is married and you said you can have both their numbers, what were you thinking? What if the husband works with the government?\uc0{\u8221} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I ignored him as we drove slowly in the traffic, my mind was thinking about nothing but the excuse I would give my cousin for taking his car. \uc0{\u8221}Look!, look!! Quick, see that bootful lady walking there in tight jeans? Damn! The best thing I have seen in this country since I came.\uc0{\u8221} Majun said. I glanced to see the lady but my focus wasn\uc0{\u8217}t there. \uc0{\u8221}That one is not big, you haven\uc0{\u8217}t seen Adiar\uc0{\u8217}s you will never think about any again,\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}You will take me to her tomorrow then,\uc0{\u8221} Majun said. I then turned on the radio to make him stop talking. We drove for a few minutes as the radio played some great songs, indeed it is a classic FM. I dropped him at his place in Hai Thora \uc0{\u8221}We will arrange for your admission to Freedom Mental Hospital tomorrow, welle kef?\uc0{\u8221} he laughed and then walked in. I then turn back heading home listening to Alijoma\uc0{\u8217}s song \uc0{\u8220}Liemdie.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\sect
}