{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy18\hr21\min02\sec30}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy18\hr21\min02\sec30}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Some years ago, there was a war in northern Uganda where many people lost their lives and\uc0{\u160} families . During that time there was a lady called Ayaa. She was an orphan because all her parents and family members were killed in that war. So she decided to leave northern Uganda to go and start a new life in the central region of Uganda And from that side she lived in a district called Luweero.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But one major problem with her was that she was barren and couldn\uc0{\u8217}t bear children so she spent her life lonely while enjoying her wealth and helping other poor people on the streets but one day she decided to get a companion and she met a man who also had a family but didn\uc0{\u8217}t tell her about it because it seemed like he was only interested in her wealth, He chose to spend his life with Ayaa inorder to get more money and take care of his other family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As Ayaa was growing older, she needed more care and attention from someone. She was already 65 years old while her husband was still 48 years old. He was a little bit younger at the time they met . This husband gave her less attention and care, He only concentrated in operating the businesses since that was his major intention and was more interested in Ayaas wealth . Since she was weak and spent most of her time at home even her house help became abit stubborn\uc0{\u160} that she could even keep quiet when she was calling her for assistance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}So due to that condition she heard of a lady in her neighborhood called Brenda. She was a young lady with two children. Her husband left her and married another woman. Brenda worked as a helper in that community, she could move from household to household doing domestic work like washing, cleaning and cooking for money to take care of her children. She was peaceful and loving to everyone in the community and everyone loved her too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Brenda was very poor and had no one to support her. She worked harder everyday for survival.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When Ayaa heard of her she called her and employed her to work at her home, Brenda treated Ayaa very well and treated her as her own mother, took good care of her and gave her closer attention whenever Ayaa was stressed and frustrated because she spent her whole life without her own children and family.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Brenda made her happy by telling her nice stories and sang for her while also dancing for her. Due to old age, she fell sick one day and died within a week and after her funeral, Brenda was surprised that before Ayaas death, she left out her husband and willed all her properties and money that she had in her different bank accounts on Brenda. Brenda was shocked and thought she was dreaming but it was real. Ayaa\uc0{\u8217}s husband was also forced back to his family when his true wife reported him to the human right committee\uc0{\u160} for family neglect.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Because of being good and loving to people, Brenda became rich and famous in a very easy way.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}