{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy24\hr07\min14\sec23}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy24\hr07\min14\sec23}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Haron\uc0{\u8217}s daughter Lamar was a bundle of joy at just nine months old. She had big, bright\uc0{\u160} eyes that sparked with curiosity, and a wide gummy smile that could light up a room. Today she was dressed in a light blue crochet which was made by her grandmother for her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Haron had always loved seeing his daughter in hand made clothes. Especially when it came from her grandmother. He felt that it added some touch\uc0{\u160} of love and care to Lamar\uc0{\u8217}s outfits and it made her stand out from the other babies at the park.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As Haron carried Lamar in his arms, he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help but notice how happy she seemed. She looked at him with her eyes filled with wonders as she observed the world around her. Every now and then, she would let out a little giggle and around knew that it was because she heard or saw something that he wasn\uc0{\u8217}t aware of.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They arrived at the park\uc0{\u160} and Haron set Lamar down on the grass. She immediately begun to crawl around exploring everything she could get her hands on. Haron watched her marvelling at how quickly she was growing and changing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lamar\uc0{\u8217}s blue crochet sweater caught the attention of a woman who was walking by. She stopped and approached them smiling at Lamar. \uc0{\u8221}What a beautiful baby!. She exclaimed. And that sweater looks adorable on her. Haron beamed with pride as he thanked the lady.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lamar continued to crawl and explore but every now and then she would stop and look up at Haron with a big grin on her face. It was as if she was saying, \uc0{\u8221}Look at me dad!am all growing so fast!\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the sun begun to set, Haron scooped Lamar up her close. Kissed her forehead and whispered. You are my little Angel. Lamar giggled as though she understood everything her father had whispered to her.}}\par
\sect
}