{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy02\hr11\min34\sec42}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy02\hr11\min34\sec42}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jane Serra, the village young lady, used her ears to trap answers for her life\uc0{\u8217}s internal and external battles. On her way to Aunt Mary\uc0{\u8217}s house, she passed by the grass patches that led straight to the high tar road to Macma, a small town street near her village.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When a traveler passed by, a Toyota car stopped by slowly. Beautiful and expensive ever seen. Yes, I can\uc0{\u8217}t complain, she said. There inside the car, she saw one of the greatest successors their village appeased, he really was their god of protection and a good example to the young ones.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}He was Twaibu Jafar, The one so kind and generous to his only little village. It was her wish and her only precious dream to ever come near and talk to him for some rational tips on the highway to achievement. It was then one whole week where news kept sweeping the village about this young man who achieved great success twisting and turning in and out of his flesh. His robust appearance could draw a prefigured tree and a picture of how good that man had been so far.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jane was deep in her thoughts and she wanted to find a way how to come near him. Cooking up different species of rhetorical analysis by herself\uc0{\u8230}..,\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8220}Have you ever been so lost in thought that the world around you fades away?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 uhm, why can\uc0{\u8217}t I be more like him, why am I stuck in the hell of buying the heaviest bundles of my time sweating for things incapable of reproducing themselves?\uc0{\u8217}. Was I created for this? Why me? Jane asked.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}Her slight hope faded away once she heard a rough and thundering shout at a man poorly begging at the rich man in the car. It was a man outside the car, wrapped in rugs. The man was really half naked and the torn areas were spreading all over. The poor man fell on his knees, wet with a lightening word from the god the village barely knew about this ugly side and yet they worshiped.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Deep and deep and deep her thoughts were pulled. She even forgot herself passing in and out of the middle of the high road, from her thoughts she heard a tattering and chattering\uc0{\u160} sound of a car . She dumped it and concentrated on her internal conflict. Time went up filling her thoughts with a bitter and piercing tone of her shadows of life\uc0{\u8217}s struggles. It was too late when she saw the noisy old car laughing at her in rage with a speed which spelled all her senses together. She sweated in fear as she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t have saved her life not because she was beautiful, but the distance couldn\uc0{\u8217}t let her run a saving war. The speed chased all of her courage.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 An event is indeed an event and it\uc0{\u8217}s never native, it only and always comes from outside with colorful storms of life in hell or life in heaven, but now was a hopeless case with a very wide empty space, hopeless winds which swirl roughly, shakes souls in convulsions, inflames time and beats then it goes away.\uc0{\u160} The tremendous speed gave up not only this sour time. Jane}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 detected and shocked by this provoking case of death. A quick wind so wild and furious drew unparalleled lines of an accident.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It really flew at her, her attractive figure hopelessly fighting alone. Her only soul in a terrific incident. She lay behind the road, the driver saw everything but he could not gather the courage to stop because he felt weird of himself and couldn\uc0{\u8217}t imagine himself behind the Pollsmoor prison bars after realizing he was drunk.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jane realized landing in the hospital fighting for life with doctors and nurses carrying her hopelessly. It now was a battle between a thin layer of life against a thicker layer of death.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two weeks went by without a word from the hospital about her condition. Lucky enough she was favored to come back, she inhaled the fumes of oxygen which went back and forth and swirled through her feeble lungs. When a doctor opened a window next to her bed, the underworld built a ladder for her to come out of it, miraculously she got pushed out to the world of the living.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It all appeared to her like most nightmarish suspense, death trying to cram up the basket of the dead and yet she refused. Everything coming out of her mind was empty and haphazard, she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t remember a thing but instead, she could tell whether she had run terrified or walked trembling in fear. Her jaws and wrists shackling. She was in pain. She wondered why she could be found in uncountable bandages and with wet, cold, sad, and strange faces of people around her. They tried to get her senses but nothing made her feel like one of them.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yes, she wrecked her memory after hitting the car. There sat a woman next to her with a bag of clothes behind, she took care of her like a baby. Whenever she could ask for a thing, she went quick as a deer to get it to her, she was dope and kind. She said she was her Aunt. She asked her to get something to eat after a rumbling sound of anticipation from her stomach, as soon as she just left the room, she strived to stretch her legs and move them down the floor but instead, the pain grew and burst within her wounded body.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From a distance, out of the room, she heard one of the nurses discussing with the old woman about her condition. She striving got up and peeped at them through the window. The nurse spoke with a choking utterance that she lost her memory because of the accident. She was broken, she felt the pain inflaming and diffusing through her blood, she sweated and cried and felt hell near the room. It was hot like the heat from a thick cotton wool.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She couldn\uc0{\u8217}t even remember her own name so how was life going to be like, she collapsed again. The doctors and nurses rushed into the room and held her in their arms and got her back in bed. After another hopeless}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This week she opened her eyes. She saw her aunt sobbing in tears cascading down her cheeks. She called out and realized she was remembering everything. A few minutes later she saw the door opening and that was her brother James happily crying as he\uc0{\u160} chewed a gum which never left his mouth. Jane felt welcomed and relieved whenever she thought she was back to life. She almost wished she wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t get on the road, long ago.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}