{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy31\hr15\min29\sec28}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy31\hr15\min29\sec28}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In our country, the eagerly awaited celebration called Nowruz is just 13 days away. On the final day of this special celebration, known as \uc0{\u8221}nature day,\uc0{\u8221} families and relatives come together to enjoy nature and each other\uc0{\u8217}s company. One year, a young girl was filled with anticipation as she prepared to join her family and relatives for the nature day celebration.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The morning of the celebration was filled with excitement as the girl woke up early and carefully selected her best dress for the occasion. Her mother thoughtfully packed all the necessary items, and together, they journeyed to the natural setting where the festivities would take place.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As they arrived, mothers engaged in entertaining activities, while fathers skillfully prepared a delectable lunch. Meanwhile, the children gleefully played games, filling the air with laughter and joy. In the afternoon, the girl found herself on a swing and then joined in a special game with her uncle. This game involved her uncle tossing her into the air and skillfully catching her just before she fell. Each toss filled her with exhilaration and laughter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However, during one attempt, her uncle struggled to catch her, and she tumbled to the ground. Ouch! She sustained a minor injury to her face and ended up with a mouthful of dirt. After cleaning herself up, she experienced some discomfort, prompting her family to take her to the hospital.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite this unexpected turn of events, she will always treasure the vivid memories of the joyous time she spent with her loved ones, and the heartwarming games and activities they shared in the embrace of nature on that special day.}}\par
\sect
}