{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo12\dy13\hr17\min13\sec02}{\revtim \yr2022\mo12\dy13\hr17\min13\sec02}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Beaten for Love}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In 2012 in Kakuma refugee camp, i saw this beautiful girl. She was an Ethiopian. Her name is Fauzia. I met her coincidentally when i went to visit some Ethiopian girls who were my friends. They had a shop by the road side. I always go there in the evening to greet them and chat a little. One fine evening, i went to the shop as usual. When i opened the back door, i saw her pretty face. I was really surprised to see because i had never seen her before. I entered in the shop and greeted my friends. I asked them to introduce her to me. They told her to speak for herself. \uc0{\u8220}I am Fauzia and am new here in the camp. I came recently with my family and we live just nearby the shop\uc0{\u8221}, she spoke. Her voice was magical until it kept ringing in my ears. They call me Dero and these are my friends, i replied. We kept chatting with my friends for around an hour. Fauzia said that she wanted to go home. I asked to escort her and she agreed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We left and on our way to her home, we had a little chat but it was all about school and how i met her friends. I felt so good talking to her. We reached to her home and she welcomed me in. She introduced me to her mother and her siblings; two brothers and a sister. Her family was so welcoming and friendly. I felt so good knowing her family and this kept drawing me closer to her. We exchanged contacts and i left.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next day, it was in the evening. I was in my room listening to music. I had finished taking bath so i was lying on my bed. My phone rung and it was her calling. She asked me if i could escort her to buy bulbs and electric wires in the market. I did not even think twice about that. We went to the market and i helped her buy those items and took her home. I helped them connect the wires and the bulbs in their house. The entire family was so grateful. They offered me tea and some bread. I ate then left. At night i just kept thinking about her and what we spoke. I could not sleep. So i decided to call her. I asked to take her for a date. She agreed and i was so happy. We decided to meet on Saturday for a date. It was all set. It was on Wednesday.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On Saturday, i woke up very early in the morning with a positive vibe. I was so happy that finally am going to tell Fauzia how i feel about her bit inside was worried if she will accept me or not. My instincts were telling me that she will but i was afraid that she would turn me down because i wasn\uc0{\u8217}t from her community. I had to gather courage and be ready for any result. In the evening at around 5pm (EAT) she called me to meet her at a nearby school. I went there we met and the first thing she asked, \uc0{\u8220}tell me why you wanted to meet me?\uc0{\u8221} I replied that I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to beat around the bush but i will go direct to the point. I told her that am in love with her. She laughed and looked at me. My heart skipped and the first thing that came into my mind is that it is a big NO. She then told me that she loves me. I was so shocked and happy at the same time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From that day we declared our love towards each-other. I took her to my family. My family was happy to meet her. She also took me to her family and they were happy as well. Our love was really strong that we stood up to help each other physically, emotionally, and financially. We spent most our time together planning for our future. One day she came to me crying. I asked her what the problem was and she told me that her neighbor molested her. He was an old man of 50 years who had a wife and two children. The old man targeted when she was alone at home and went in their house and touched her inappropriately. The old man wanted to sleep with her. She screamed and he ran away. When her mother came back, she told her about it and her mother reported to the community elders. I calmed her down. In the evening i escorted her back home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I stayed at her place for around 3 hours. It was already at night and it was very dark outside. When i was getting out of the house, i was stroke by a big metal rod at the abdomen. I fainted on the spot. All i was hearing are voices of people screaming and crying. Something like a chaos. I found myself on the hospital bed the next day. That is when i regained my conscious. I woke up and found Fauzia lying beside me. I was in much pain. I asked her what happened she told me that she heard me scream outside. When she came out, she saw me lying on the floor and that old man from her community who molested her was standing beside me carrying a big metal rod. When she asked him what happened to me, the old man told her that he can\uc0{\u8217}t watch a boy from another community have what he is denied. So the old man was jealous and wanted to kill me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Fauzia confronted him and they got into a fight. She also called for help and many people came. The ambulance was called and i was rushed to the hospital. She was crying when she was narrating to me. She was also blaming herself. I almost lost my life because of the love we share. All this is because am a Burundian and she is an Ethiopian. Does love have boundaries and tribes? Am I wrong to love someone who comes from a different community and culture? I asked myself those questions. I was bedridden for a week then i went back home. She stayed with me for all those days i was in the hospital. She never left my sight. When i went back home, the elders from Fauzia\uc0{\u8217}s community and the old man came to ask for forgiveness. I told them that i hold no grudge against anyone. I forgave them and they thanked me. They went back to their community. This is how i nearly lost my life because of love.}}\par
\sect
}