{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy27\hr13\min29\sec29}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy27\hr13\min29\sec29}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sangre was just a little girl when her life turned upside down. She was living with her family in Congo, where her dad had a regular business and her mom was helping him. Sangre had a normal life, going to Endashule and having friends at school. She loved going to school, and her mother was always excited to see her off. Her family was happy and content, and Sangre felt loved and protected.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But one day, everything changed. Sangre\uc0{\u8217}s parents separated, and her dad remained in Congo while her mom took her to Malawi. They ended up in Dzaleka Refugee Camp, where Sangre had to struggle to survive. The camp was a harsh place, with little food, no proper sanitation, and no real opportunities. Sangre felt lost and alone, and the pain of leaving her father and the life she knew was almost too much to bear.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sangre\uc0{\u8217}s mother tried her best to make things better, but it was hard. She had to work long hours just to get enough money to buy food, and Sangre often felt like a burden. She missed her dad terribly and couldn\uc0{\u8217}t understand why her parents had to separate. Her heart ached for the life she used to have, where everything was simple and easy. But now, she was forced to grow up too fast and face a reality that was both cruel and unfair.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As time went on, Sangre tried to adapt to her new life. She made friends in the camp and tried to find joy in small things. But the sadness never left her, and she always felt like something was missing. She missed her old school, her old friends, and most of all, her dad. She wrote him letters every week, hoping that he would write back, but he never did. She knew that he was probably struggling too, but it didn\uc0{\u8217}t make it any easier.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sangre\uc0{\u8217}s mother tried to keep her spirits up, but it was hard. She knew that her daughter was suffering, and she felt powerless to help her. She tried to be strong, but sometimes, she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t hold back her tears. She missed her husband too, but she knew that they couldn\uc0{\u8217}t go back. The past was gone, and all they had was the present.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sangre grew up in the camp, and as she got older, she realized that her life would never be the same. She knew that she would never go back to her old home, that she would never see her dad again, and that her future was uncertain. But she also knew that she had to keep going, that she had to be strong for her mother, and that she had to make a life for herself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Years went by, and Sangre became a young woman. She never forgot her past, but she learned to live with it. She made new friends, and she even fell in love. Her life was far from perfect, but she found joy in small things, like the sun on her face or the sound of children playing. She knew that life was hard, but she also knew that it was beautiful.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sangre never forgot the quote her father used to tell her when she was a little girl, \uc0{\u8221}What comes does not beat a drum.\uc0{\u8221} She realized that life was unpredictable, that it could be cruel and unfair, but also that it was full of surprises and opportunities. She learned to appreciate what she had and to never take anything for granted.}}\par
\sect
}