{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy06\hr16\min06\sec59}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy06\hr16\min06\sec59}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 beautiful but unluckymercy has always been a beautiful displine girl from a humble family of two brothers and one sister and mercy was the eldest amongst her siblings. all was well until when her parents faced separation because her father chose to move on with another woman leaving mercy\uc0{\u8217}s mother to struggle raising mercy and her siblings alone. life was not not so easy for them and mercy\uc0{\u8217}s mother moved to her maternal family and with their support she managed to raise her and her siblings and took them through education.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As a young beautiful girl, Mercy had to experience some love and romance but when it came to relationship, things were not working out as she thought it would. her love story always ended in tears leaving her so broken and depressed. so many times very many young men who seem very promising approached her for relationship but whenever mercy agrees to be in a relationship with them, the relationship barely takes a month and a particular man she is involved with would walk away from the relationship leaving her always deeply hurt, broken, frustrated and depressed. this has been going on not once, not twice or only thrice but so many times and this left her asking herself a lot of questions \uc0{\u8221} Why do men always walk away from my life without any reason, not even argument?\uc0{\u8221} She always did self reflection and evaluation and there is absolutely nothing wrong with her. she is a beautiful young girl, hardworking, respectful and always loyal and faithful to any man she dated but still her love affair kept ending in tears. but why? And that\uc0{\u8217}s the question mercy is still looking for the answer up to today.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And now mercy look at herself as a beautiful but unlucky girl especially when come relationships because of the number of disappointments she has encountered. The last intimate affair mercy had was a year ago and this particular one has made Mercy to believe that she is indeed beautiful but unlucky. She met a very handsome young man and she decided to give herself to a chance to love again, the two of them fell in love and started seeing each and everything was going on well, they made plans to introduce themselves to each of their families, they even fixed dates for the introduction and went ahead to inform their family about their need to make the relationship official. Mercy was so excited about everything and she told God \uc0{\u8221} thank you\uc0{\u8221} because this time everything really seemed ok little did she know that it was yet another heartbreak she was getting into. From no where again her boyfriend called off the introduction and broke up with mercy without any reason at all. And again Mercy was left so deeply hurt, broken, frustrated and depressed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And now mercy believes that something isn\uc0{\u8217}t right somewhere and she is determine to find out what exactly push away every man that come to her for intimate relationships.But as of now she considers herself as beautiful but unlucky girl despite her beauty and good character.}}\par
\sect
}