{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo05\dy05\hr08\min09\sec00}{\revtim \yr2023\mo05\dy05\hr08\min09\sec00}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Negligence is a serious problem that affects families of all backgrounds and socioeconomic status and this normally occurs when a\uc0{\u160} parent or caretaker fails to provide the required care and support to their family members and this could negatively impact children and other family members as well. For example it can result in physical, emotional, and psychological harm which consequently affect development and wellbeing of the minors.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In Gulu city, a woman got married to a very rich man and they had a son. and After some years of marriage, her husband died and signed all his wealth on his wife and his son. Their son was already 21 years old by that time but there was a misunderstanding between him and his mother which made them divide their wealth between the two of them.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And after that, mother and son chose to live their separate lives since they had failed to agree and coexist. The relationship between a mother and son is often one of the closest bonds that can exist between two individuals however in this case mother and son had to part ways much as it was a difficult and emotional experience for both of them. But since his mother was very angry she decided to move to another city to start a new life. And after some period of time, she got married to another man. From there she produced two children while her son that she left behind also married a woman from Kampala and they had three children and as his children grew up, his first born was a male and was already 20 years old by that time. He was at the university in that same city where his grandmother was but he never knew anything about his grandmother and his grandmother also didn\uc0{\u8217}t know him either. She lived away in another city for years without minding of her son she had from her first marriage.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Due to sexual dissatisfaction from her second marriage, She opted to move to the compass areas within that city to look for younger boy or man to give her sexual pleasure and satisfaction. And\uc0{\u160} after reaching the campus area she met one young man and they got into a relationship not knowing he was her grandson. Then after a few months when they had already had an intercourse countless times, the young boy went back home in Kampala for a holiday break when semester ended.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At home when he was having fun with his parents they were taking their photos then when his father took his phone to check how nice their photos were, he went on to see more photos that his son took from school surprisingly he saw the photos of his mother then he asked his son where he got those photos from then he said it was his friend\uc0{\u8217}s from school then his father told him it was his grandmother and started narrating to his son the whole story of what happened before between them. His son was shocked and confused that he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t keep that sacred anymore then he ended up telling his father the whole story of what happened between himself and his grandmother that he didn\uc0{\u8217}t know. On hearing his son\uc0{\u8217}s confession, the father was shocked and speechless because in their culture what they did is incest and an abomination which required cleansing through performing a traditional ritual so that his son could be free from curse and bad luck which would be fold the both of them. his father had to think of a way of helping him and setting him free from the bad luck which could come his way due to the abominable act that he did with his grandmother. His father called his grandmother plus the village elders and they did some traditional rituals including prayers to set them free. Later the family reunited again but due to too much pain and shame that his grandmother had, she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t hold it anymore then she committed suicide leaving her family from the second marriage alone.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But all this could have been avoided if she had not neglected her son. When a mother and a son separate it\uc0{\u8217}s true they both experience a range of emotions, including sadness, anger , and grief. For the son, this may mean feelings of guilt, as he may feel that he abandoned his mother and failed to fulfill his duty as a son. For the mother, it could be a difficult adjustment to not have her son around , and she must have experienced feelings of loneliness and emptiness. But it would have been good for both mother and son to maintain and strengthen the bond between them even when they were separated by conflict because with open communication and willingness to work on the relationship, the separation could ultimately lead to a deeper understanding and appreciation of one another and eventually forgiveness before any damage is caused.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Therefore it is important to recognize negligence and prevent it early enough because of its devastating effects. It is also important to provide the necessary support to family members and\uc0{\u160} society as a whole to recognize and prevent negligence. By taking action to prevent family neglect, we can ensure that our family has the best possible start in life and a brighter future.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}