{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy10\hr12\min13\sec48}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy10\hr12\min13\sec48}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Behind the black tint.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The hooting of the horn behind me suddenly brought me back to reality. How silly I was to have been distracted by the little kids who were playing by the roadside. They were singing a song that made me get lost in the memories, \uc0{\u8220}Dance around together, in a sunny weather, we tease you, we tease you, we all fall down!\uc0{\u8221} I remembered this particular song because I was always the first to fall down. I giggled for a moment before the joy was cut off by the combi driver who hooted at me. I wish I could just get down and tell the kids to remain young because adulthood is a whole scam. Nothing was as real as it looked. There were a lot of sad stories behind every smile they saw on their elders\uc0{\u8217} faces. \uc0{\u8220}When I grow up, I want to get married to a rich man and drive a very nice car\uc0{\u8221}. I wish I could go back and reverse those cursed words that had turned out to be reality but the rich man was a devil.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}Imagine the struggles of going through university. The sleepless nights, the dissertation, the discussions and the fear of not making it, only for someone to tell you that you cannot go to work. But what could I do because I loved him and I wanted to get married? I had to comply and do what he had said because a married woman is respected more than the working class woman in our community. The offer of being a housewife came with a lot of promises. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know they were empty. I was promised the whole world. I built castles in the air based on those promises. Wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t I have been a better person if I had invested that energy into something else?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had not taken time to understand that one is only respected where they are relevant. There is nothing such as a trophy wife. Because I was blind folded with love I believed. Trying to share this with friends was a non-starter, they would call it jema newadya because I had everything that I needed. I drove the latest Merc and I lived in a well furnished house in Borrowdale. If only they knew that the car I was driving was for an apology they wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t praise the man I stayed with. The make up there I put was to cover a lot of bruises when we went out for lunch..}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My husband was a two faced man.You would not believe anything I would say because he was nice to everyone. He could be the sweetest gentleman in front of people. A pat on the back when I gave a good contribution when we had dinners with friends and pulling out a chair for me to sit and a lot of forehead kisses. He would even stand to give me moral support when I stood in church to make announcements as I was the lay leader at our church. I remember one of the deaconesses envying the way he looked at me and respected me. If only she knew. Whenever he got the chance to say something in front of people, he would not forget to give a special mention to his beloved wife.I don\uc0{\u8217}t know who that was but definitely not me because he didn\uc0{\u8217}t treat me like one behind closed doors.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This same man, as soon as we got into the car, the tension would be felt. He would not stand being questioned about anything. I remember one day I was beaten black and blue. Guess what I had asked? Why he had not informed me, on time, that he was coming back home with four of his friends for lunch so that I could prepare extra food. During lunch hour he maintained his cool but as soon as he got back from work all hell broke loose.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}I was reminded that he was the one who bought everything in our house. It was one blow after another. The following day I had a luncheon with his friends\uc0{\u8217} wives. By the way, I had no friends of my own. I had to put on heavy makeup to conceal the bruises and take some paracetamol because the pain was unbearable. What surprised me the most was the way he constantly called to check up on me and would repeatedly say \uc0{\u8220}I love you\uc0{\u8221} , at the end of the phone call so that I just say it back in the presence of other people. They then would comment that you are so lucky, but if only they knew that in our own home those words were sacred.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I could not entertain the\uc0{\u160} thought of having to go back home and make my mother\uc0{\u8217}s name be dragged into the mud. She was fighting her own battle and I had to do the same. We were all suffering behind the black tint wishing that one day the stars would fix our problems.}}\par
\sect
}