{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy08\hr21\min00\sec19}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy08\hr21\min00\sec19}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Rob could not even wait to respond to the guard saluting him as he drove through the Parirenyatwa hospital banner. He also did not slow down to meander through the potholes at the hospital entrance, what he called \uc0{\u8220}the most detestable welcome\uc0{\u8221} each time he drove to the hospital for Nyasha\uc0{\u8217}s pregnancy check up.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Sorry!\uc0{\u8221} He said to his wife, stealing a glance to check if she was okay after hitting a pothole before turning to focus on the windscreen. He swerved left\uc0{\u160} towards the Mbuya Nehanda maternity clinic where the breaks to his Mazda Atensa screeched before coming to a stop. There were not many cars in the car park that early morning so he could get away with the unscrupulous driving without scratching other people\uc0{\u8217}s vehicles.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Without placing the handbrake, Rob jumped out of his door and went to open Nyasha\uc0{\u8217}s door, who was still crying. Her night gown was evidently wet. At least it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t blood! But at the same time a lot of questions dashed through his mind. Was she in labour? No it was too soon. She must be around 32-34 weeks pregnant he thought to himself. Was it the effect of the alcohol she was drinking? Or couldn\uc0{\u8217}t it be the extra strain she exposed herself to as she was beating him? No one could answer all these questions for him at this time. He made a silent prayer for God to see him through and save his son. If he did, he vowed to be the best husband for Nyasha. The couple helped each other to walk from the car. Nyasha would take two steps and stop to take a deep breath also mourning from the pain she was experiencing. She held the lower part of her belly with her right hand whilst her right shoulder was being supported by Rob. Rob would try talk to her but she would just cry in pain. Seems it had stolen her hearing sense.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The light in the car park to the hospital entrance was dim probably from poor maintenance. No one noticed the two up until they got to the entrance of the clinic. Here they were received by the guard who quickly signalled the nurses to bring a stretcher bed for Nyasha. Two nurses, a slim one and another mediumly built pushed the stretcher as fast as they could and slowly assisted Nyasha to get on it. Rob followed through as they wheeled his wife to the emergency\uc0{\u8217}s bay. He was still praying in his heart hoping that his worst fears would not be confirmed. Should they lose that baby, it would break Nyasha apart. Their baby had been the beacon of her livelihood lately. She was already preparing the baby shower and had bought clothes and material for her delivery. Nyasha would spend her days decorating and changing their future son\uc0{\u8217}s room and had even started looking up potential names to give to the baby. With this, he quickly dismissed the negative thoughts. He believed that negative thinking had a bearing on the outcome of a situation. So he kept on praying.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You may wait here whilst the doctor attends to her,\uc0{\u8221} said the nurse looking in Rob\uc0{\u8217}s direction.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}In the meantime, please go to the counter and complete some patient forms. The doctor will come and speak to you soon as he is done,\uc0{\u8221} she added.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Rob went to the counter to fill in the forms. He found himself making errors and cancelling several times and had to request for another form. After telling himself to focus, he managed to successfully provide the details that were required. He went to sit on the bench close to the emergency bay. Each time the bay\uc0{\u8217}s curtain opened, his heart would skip a beat. He thought it could be the doctor coming to speak to him and tell him that his wife and baby were okay. He forced his mind to think in this direction.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Several nurses came in and out and at times pushing in trays of instruments into the bay Nyasha was in. Were they going to cut her? He had seen how they did emergency deliveries on the Resident medical series. The amount of blood that spurted out always made him lose his appetite\uc0{\u160} for the next meal. He waited for a while sitting on the bench his hands holding his knees. His legs were shaking like he had Parkinson\uc0{\u8217}s and his mind was still eager and wondering. It was not until 5 a.m when a an adult lady I\uc0{\u8217}m clue medical scrubs and black locks with brown endings emerged out of the emergency bay. To him she had an intelligent look. One of someone who knows what she does.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Mr Mbanje?\uc0{\u8221} She called out.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, that\uc0{\u8217}s me,\uc0{\u8221} Rob replied as he briskly got on to his feet and walked towards the lady.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m doctor Makarau, the obstetrician looking after your wife Nyasha. Can we please talk over there?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, yes sure that\uc0{\u8217}s fine,\uc0{\u8221} he replied with an anxious look on his face.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Okay, so Nyasha had what we call premature rapture of membranes. This is when the sac of fluid protecting the baby in the womb raptures way before the expected time for labour. We have scanned the baby and that it\uc0{\u8217}s heart is still beating well and pregnancy is still viable. We will however give your wife some bed rest and monitor her here as we give her a week or so before we can then induce delivery. Do you have any question at this point?\uc0{\u8221} She asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Rob was still processing what she had said to him. Rapture of membranes? Had he caused this by coming home late? At that point he began to feel bad for not being there for his wife when she needed her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Can I please see my wife?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes you may, the doctor replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He took a deep breath and opened the curtain to the cubicle Nyasha was in. She lay there, still looking as beautiful as the first day he had seen her. He then realised that he had not been giving her enough attention.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} How are you my love, don\uc0{\u8217}t worry the doctor said you and the baby will be fine?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He said as he encroached his wife\uc0{\u8217}s bed. Nyasha looked back at him with a face full of worry.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Rob sat beside his wife and embraced her. A stream of tears rolled down her cheeks. Rob tightened his embrace to make her feel more secure. \uc0{\u8220} I\uc0{\u8217}m here my love and will be here for our child, all the time and always. He kissed her on the forehead and lay beside her till the sun had risen.}}\par
\sect
}