{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo09\dy05\hr18\min09\sec25}{\revtim \yr2022\mo09\dy05\hr18\min09\sec25}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Being the first girl in my society was a sin, whereby girls are seen as the source of wealth. when a girl is born the relatives, uncles and parents start rejoicing and forever be happy in their moods.I was the first daughter of the Ahan Nek family, a family of six children, back then my parents were small scale farmers. They are not financially stable as we live from hand to mouth. They were schools that were constructed and only boy children were allowed to go to schools while the girl child remained home to cook and look after the house choices.My elder brother was taken to Uganda to go and study there by my uncle, I was left behind in the name of remaining home to give to any man that is going to ask for my hand in marriage. My step-sisters were married off without their concern, they have no choice to choose whom they want to be married to or whom they want to marry. I was stuck in the world of the lost where I could go since I had no other option.My turning point came when my aunty was travelling to Kakuma refugee camp, in Kakuma there was free education, food, shelter, and water. Through her underlying support, I managed to escape the early marriage. And I termed it as running away from home to Kakuma Refugee Camp due to both force and early marriage.On our way to Kakuma Refugee Camp, the UNHCR facilitated my travelling to Kakuma together with my aunty, who were resettled in Kakuma Refugee Camp in Kenya. I was as happy as a king on our arrival to Kakuma. I was enrolled in a primary school where I completed my primary school and I was sponsored at the secondary school level by the Windle International Kenya. I then completed high school.As I was studying, I always believed that my dreams and visions can be fulfilled as long as I concentrate on my studies.At my school, I participated in leadership, debate forums, drama, netball team and also as a Christian Union member.After high school, my aunty who had seen me through mysteriously passed on. This was heartbreaking for me as I was preparing for my university application. my heart was broken into pieces. It was an abrupt demise that affected me psychologically.Life wasn\uc0{\u8217}t easy for me when my aunty passed on because my biological mother wasn\uc0{\u8217}t able to pay for my tuition fee at the university level and they are both separated.Through all of the difficulties that I have undergone, I wanted to help the fellow girls that are left back and who are undergoing the processes of early and child marriage. I would embrace diversities and that meeting with different people with different diversities and cultural practices would help me with the ideas and solutions that I can use to help my fellow girls back home. It is always my joy and happiness seeing girls waking and grabbing their school bags and heading to school. The skills and knowledge that I am going to gain in my studies without any doubt will be life-changing not only for me but also for my citizens and those women who are not able to stand up by themselves.I want to be the voice of the young women in South Sudan, I want women to be given chances and treated equally. I wish to inspire women from my community to follow their dreams and fight for all odds to attain the highest level of education. I desire to give back to society when I complete my studies and get a well-paid job. I want to support girls who have similar stories as mine. It is unfair for a child to not live his or her dream because of financial support. I would formulate and articulate ethical standards and develop the leadership skills which will guide my professional and personal life together. I would utilize to the fullest for my lifelong academic goals to cater for the suffering in the society}\par
\sect
}