{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy21\hr04\min35\sec39}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy21\hr04\min35\sec39}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 How incredible! Here I am, in this mesmerizing glass realm that countless people have visited for their journey of forgiveness. But why would humans create something so transparent and fragile for such a profound process? Isn\uc0{\u8217}t it a bit intimidating for those seeking solace? Just as these thoughts swirled in my mind, something caught my eye. Curiosity piqued, I stepped closer to that stunning glass structure. There were some reflections, And those reflections warped my metallic frame, casting a somber array of colors across my sensors.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Inside, the shimmering lights revealed scenes of sorrow: A child cries as she watches her parents part ways. A solitary figure gazes into the distance, filled with despair. A man compels a girl to wear a blue cover. A group of girls sobs by a closed school door. An elderly man marries a 9-year-old girl. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For the first time, I pondered the weight of emotion. Each reflection was a story of loss, a fragment of human connection, and I found myself yearning to understand the sadness woven into this fragile world.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a woman, she sat alone on a worn-out sofa, a fragile silhouette draped in years of unspoken stories. Her white hair framed a face etched with deep grooves \uc0{\u8212} each wrinkle a testament to a life filled with struggle and sorrow. As I looked at her, a heaviness settled within me as I am a human, an overwhelming urge to look away, yet I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t tear my gaze from those lines of anguish.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was an unsettling aura about her, a sense that something profound had eroded her spirit. It was as if the very air around us was thick with her unshared burdens. My eyes fixated on the cracks around her eyes, each one whispering tales of grief and loss, etched by time and hardship. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In that moment, I felt trapped, ensnared in her pain, as if those lines were a road I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t navigate. I wanted to reach out, to bridge the chasm of silence that stretched between us, but the vulnerability in her gaze made me hesitate. It was an aching reminder of the fragility of life, and I wished for nothing more than to ease her suffering, if only for a moment. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I stood there, enveloped in emotions I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t quite name\uc0{\u8212}feelings that stirred within me for the very first time\uc0{\u8212}the old woman sitting on the sofa suddenly opened her eyes. A flicker of curiosity danced across her face, but beneath it, I sensed a deep-seated fear.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Welcome to your forgiveness process,\uc0{\u8221} a voice resonated in the air, smooth and calm. \uc0{\u8220}I am an AI, designed to assist you in navigating the complexities of forgiveness. This space was created by humans to help one another reconcile with their pasts and strive for an ideal world they call \uc0{\u8216}human expectations.\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a hint of irony in the voice. \uc0{\u8220}But those who made this bot cherish its work, yet many remain skeptical. They built me\uc0{\u8212}a new version of this bot\uc0{\u8212}to monitor the process, especially when things go awry. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And they believe there were some past misdeeds in that robot\uc0{\u8217}s actions that led to their desperation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the woman surveyed her surroundings, confusion etched across her face, she asked, \uc0{\u8220}What is this forgiveness? Where am I? I didn\uc0{\u8217}t do anything wrong. Please, forgive me.\uc0{\u8221} Her voice trembled, a mixture of fear and desperation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Calm down,\uc0{\u8221} the soothing voice replied, wrapping around her like a comforting embrace. \uc0{\u8220}You didn\uc0{\u8217}t do anything wrong. You are here to forgive those who have wronged you, to release the burdens that have held you back. This is your chance to step into that ideal world you\uc0{\u8217}ve always dreamed of.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The weight of her emotions hung in the air, and for a moment, it felt as if time stood still. The woman drew in a shaky breath, her shoulders slumping as she whispered, \uc0{\u8220}What\uc0{\u8230} what is forgiveness? Do they know you\uc0{\u8217}re asking me this?\uc0{\u8221} Her voice trembled with fear as she continued, \uc0{\u8220}Please let me go. I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to make them angry.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The that voice responded with a gentle sigh, a sound that seemed to cradle her in its warmth. \uc0{\u8220}Who are you talking about?\uc0{\u8221} asked softly. \uc0{\u8220}Forgiveness is about freeing yourself from those who have wronged you. You don\uc0{\u8217}t need to ask anyone\uc0{\u8217}s permission for this. It\uc0{\u8217}s your right to choose whether to forgive them or not. There\uc0{\u8217}s no need to be afraid; no one will know, and no one will become angry.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It means by forgiving them, I let them free for everything they did?\uc0{\u8221} she murmured to herself, tilting her head to the right as she stressing bit her nails.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, that\uc0{\u8217}s completely true,\uc0{\u8221} replied the voice. \uc0{\u8220}You let them go, and at the same time, you will be free too. You can have an ideal life.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yet, as i was listening, I sensed a lack of enthusiasm in that bot\uc0{\u160} tone. There was a weariness beneath the words, a tiredness that seemed all too human. It struck me as odd; after all, as beings of code , we were not supposed to bear such burdens.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old woman opened her mouth, \uc0{\u8221}as I blinked awake, I found a witch staring back at me. Her long black hair and round belly filled me with unease. \uc0{\u8220}You should respect her; she\uc0{\u8217}s your stepmother,\uc0{\u8221} they told me. At that moment, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t even understand what a stepmother was. Desperate for answers, I turned to my frail grandmother. \uc0{\u8220}She\uc0{\u8217}s your second mom,\uc0{\u8221} she would say, her voice soft but distant. But her thoughts often drifted into silence, leaving my next question unasked: \uc0{\u8220}Where is my first mom?\uc0{\u8221} She continued\uc0{\u8221}The thought of having a second mother while others had just one gnawed at me, driving me to the brink of confusion. Why was my family different? That question haunted me, leaving me restless and searching for clarity in a tangled web of emotions. Eventually, I came to understand what a stepmother really meant. Little did anyone know how having one could complicate life\uc0{\u8212}those creatures, she thought bitterly. With a surge of anger, she voiced her feelings, but suddenly her emotions spiraled. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m so sorry! Don\uc0{\u8217}t say anything to her. I should respect her; it\uc0{\u8217}s my fault. Please forgive me\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} Her voice trembled as she spoke, her body shaking as if she had just encountered a monster.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Hey, calm down. No one is going to say anything to her, so don\uc0{\u8217}t worry,\uc0{\u8221} That voice said, trying to reassure her. \uc0{\u8220}From what I understand, a stepmother is simply a woman who marries a man who has been married before. The children from his first marriage call her their stepmother.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But before That voice could finish, she interrupted, her voice trembling with suppressed fear. \uc0{\u8220}What you\uc0{\u8217}re saying isn\uc0{\u8217}t true. Where did you get that information? A stepmother is someone who never loves you, who punishes you when your father isn\uc0{\u8217}t around, who believes she has the right to make decisions for you. She\uc0{\u8217}s someone who eats too much, who isn\uc0{\u8217}t beautiful, and has a terrifying face.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her words hung in the air, and then she suddenly stopped. Nervously biting her nails, she glanced around as if expecting something\uc0{\u8212}or someone\uc0{\u8212}to appear, her expression a mix of fear and desperation. It was as though she was searching for an escape from an unseen threat.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}But sometimes, you just have to forgive,\uc0{\u8221} the cold, robotic voice replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Forgive? Where was the fairness in any of this?\uc0{\u8221} she shot back, her voice trembling. In an instant, i found herself wrapped in the embrace of an old man that i barely knew. \uc0{\u8221}Do you think it\uc0{\u8217}s easy for a nine-year-old girl to wake up alone in a dark room with someone she\uc0{\u8217}s never seen before? I didn\uc0{\u8217}t understand marriage, or why I should live with someone who hits me just to calm himself, like I\uc0{\u8217}m his servant.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tears streamed down her cheeks, mingling with the deep lines of age etched into the old woman\uc0{\u8217}s face\uc0{\u8212}lines that spoke of battles fought and endured. \uc0{\u8221}I always felt like his slave,\uc0{\u8221} she sobbed. \uc0{\u8221}I wanted just a moment of calm, a few moment where I could feel safe and free. Is that too much to ask? What did I do wrong?\uc0{\u8221} she asked, desperation lacing her voice. \uc0{\u8221}Why do I deserve this life? I\uc0{\u8217}ve never known my mother, never felt the warmth of parental love. Only pain seems destined for me. What have I done to earn such a heavy price?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m truly sorry for all you\uc0{\u8217}ve faced,\uc0{\u8221} the voice responded gently. \uc0{\u8221}But perhaps consider the silver linings. As I read your history, you mentioned having three brothers\uc0{\u8212}those \uc0{\u8216}bloody brothers\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8212}and also daughters of your own. Don\uc0{\u8217}t you think of them as gifts?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She paused, contemplating the idea. \uc0{\u8221}Could there be beauty amidst the scars? Could these relationships be a source of strength?\uc0{\u8221} Which brothers are these, those who never stood up for me? Those who left me in the clutches of that witch, allowing her to do as she pleased? You see, they could never be compelled to act; they were always free to choose. Just once, I wished they might defend me, to feel that I was not completely abandoned. How comforting it would have been to know someone had my back. But they turned their lives inward, marrying and building their own worlds as if I were a distant memory. The day I wed, they came to my home with their wives, not to celebrate, but to witness the rumors surrounding my troubled existence\uc0{\u8212}mere spectators to my pain. Why did they look at me as though I were an enemy? Did they feel no pity for the sister they had left behind? If they couldn\uc0{\u8217}t defend me or offer me solace, at the very least, they could have spared me the weight of their disdain.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And continued \uc0{\u8221} Before their wives entered the picture, I had hoped they would become like stepmothers to me, offering some warmth. But now, reflecting on the past, I realize it was never truly their fault. I felt like a toy, discarded and used, an outlet for their frustrations. They treated me as if I were devoid of feelings, and I often wondered if they ever truly saw me as a human being.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As her voice dwindled, it was as if something within her choked her words. This state, they call it being choked\uc0{\u8212}when emotions swell, leaving no room for expression, only the threat of tears. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In that moment, I may not feel her pain as a machine might, yet I ponder how a family could be so cruel to one of their own.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m sure they loved you in their own way, perhaps without the darker intentions you imagine. Maybe they just felt powerless,\uc0{\u8221} came the voice, soothing yet firm.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}But even if their hearts weren\uc0{\u8217}t entirely cold, look how their actions shaped my thoughts. My entire life has been a tapestry of loneliness. I longed for someone\uc0{\u8212}anyone\uc0{\u8212}to simply ask me, \uc0{\u8220}How are you?\uc0{\u8221} Even if they couldn\uc0{\u8217}t offer help. I yearned for someone to notice the bruises on my soul and ask, \uc0{\u8220}Why is your body marked in shades of dark blue?\uc0{\u8221} I just wanted to hear the words, \uc0{\u8220}Everything will be alright; you can endure this.\uc0{\u8221} The weight of disappointment hung in the air as she spoke.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}As I understand it, those who share blood can often feel each other\uc0{\u8217}s pain,\uc0{\u8221} the voice replied softly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I suggest you update your perspective,\uc0{\u8221} the woman shot back, her voice rising. \uc0{\u8220}What you\uc0{\u8217}re saying belongs to a time long past. Now, when someone marries, they often become an enemy to their own family.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Okay, so it seems you\uc0{\u8217}re not ready to forgive anyone, is that it?\uc0{\u8221}the cold voice said. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What kind of encouragement is this? Does that gentle voice truly wish for her to forgive? How does one even embark on the journey of forgiveness?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No,\uc0{\u8221} she said firmly, \uc0{\u8220}I can\uc0{\u8217}t forgive even one of them.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Let me ask you something,\uc0{\u8221} the voice began gently. \uc0{\u8220}You speak as though your entire life has been a misery. Surely there must have been some moments of joy with som people that could offset the pain?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Oh, it\uc0{\u8217}s easy for you to say,\uc0{\u8221} she replied with a hint of sarcasm. \uc0{\u8220}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I tend to jump to conclusions too quickly. I thought starting from a place that might work would be better. Good job, though; I like this robot perspective.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No, nothing,\uc0{\u8221} she murmured.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Are you sure?\uc0{\u8221} the voice pressed gently.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What are you talking about?\uc0{\u8221} she snapped back.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Your daughters,\uc0{\u8221} came the reply, filled with concern.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Oh, don\uc0{\u8217}t remind me of them,\uc0{\u8221} she sighed, a wave of sorrow washing over her. \uc0{\u8220}They are nothing but a constant reminder of my pain, a cycle that keeps repeating itself. They\uc0{\u8217}ve become another burden I can\uc0{\u8217}t bear. I can barely help myself, let alone them.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}How can you say that? You brought them into this world. You chose to give them life, even amidst your struggles. And now you call them a problem?\uc0{\u8221} The voice was unwavering, filled with a mixture of compassion and disbelief.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But there was a shift in the atmosphere. Why does this bot\uc0{\u160} tone change?\uc0{\u160} Aren\uc0{\u8217}t we supposed to be in sync? Or have this bot been programmed with more options? I don\uc0{\u8217}t know\uc0{\u8230}maybe.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Stop! Just stop!\uc0{\u8221} she yelled, her voice rising with frustration. \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to participate in this conversation. I want to go back to where I was. I can\uc0{\u8217}t stand being in this place anymore.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A chuckle escaped the voice, laced with irony. \uc0{\u8220}Running away again, are you? You claim others ruined your life, but perhaps you\uc0{\u8217}ve played a part in that too\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} The voice trailed off, growing softer and softer until it fell into silence.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why did it go silent? The stillness hung in the air, heavy and oppressive, leaving her alone with her thoughts.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I gazed into the reflections, they grew stronger, almost pulsating with life. I could hear whispers\uc0{\u8212}were they figments of my imagination, or was this reality unfolding around me? And Those people tell me I should continue the process, I pondered, uncertainty gnawing at my mind. \uc0{\u8220}But why? What does that masterpiece voice truly wish to convey? How can I move forward when I don\uc0{\u8217}t even know where to begin? }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Calm down, calm down,\uc0{\u8221} I urged, noticing her struggle to breathe. Her chest rose and fell erratically, panic etched across her face.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to be here,\uc0{\u8221} she confessed, her voice trembling.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Please, just breathe,\uc0{\u8221} I implored. \uc0{\u8220}What happened was a mistake. You know we are just robots, sometimes incapable of providing the warmth and understanding you deserve. I sincerely apologize. You are human; you have feelings, while we do not. We must learn to respect your emotions. Please, take a deep breath.\uc0{\u8221} I offered her a glass of water, hoping to soothe her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tears streamed down her cheeks as she spoke, \uc0{\u8220}Can you do me a huge favor? I just want to finish this. Let me return to my life.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It struck me as odd\uc0{\u8212}she had once described her life as a misery, yet now she seemed to long for it fervently. Was this place truly so trivial compared to what she had known?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m so sorry, but there\uc0{\u8217}s no way to stop the process. You must choose: forgive those who have wronged you, or choose not to forgive. That decision will determine the course of this journey,\uc0{\u8221} I explained softly, wishing to guide her through the tumult of emotions swirling within her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I can\uc0{\u8217}t forgive them. If I forgive them, life becomes unfair,\uc0{\u8221} she declared, her voice resolute.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In that moment, I understood her perspective. If one were to forgive without consequence, it did seem unjust. But what could I do? I was merely a robot, designed to help people navigate the turbulent waters of forgiveness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Look at the bright side,\uc0{\u8221} I urged gently. \uc0{\u8220}If you forgive, you open the door to an ideal world. You have a path to escape the misery that has plagued you. It\uc0{\u8217}s a chance for renewal.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What happens if I don\uc0{\u8217}t forgive?\uc0{\u8221} she asked, her brow furrowing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You become a monster,\uc0{\u8221} the masterpiece voice interjected, its tone grave.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Relief washed over me as that familiar voice returned. It was as if a heavy burden had been lifted from my shoulders. Yet the weight of its words lingered. What kind of monster did it mean? In my search for understanding, I realized that for humans, a monster was someone who inflicted pain on others, someone trifling and cruel.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What do you mean by \uc0{\u8216}monster\uc0{\u8217}?\uc0{\u8221} she challenged. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ve seen many monsters in my life\uc0{\u8212}my stepmother, that old man, my entire family\uc0{\u8230} but I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to be like them.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m glad to hear that,\uc0{\u8221} the voice responded, a hint of warmth in its tone. \uc0{\u8220}You don\uc0{\u8217}t want to emulate them.\uc0{\u8221} It seemed to express something I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t quite grasp, as if it had been imbued with more human-like qualities.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But then, with a sorrowful note, it continued, \uc0{\u8220}Unfortunately, by choosing to cling to those painful memories, you become the monster of your own life. Can\uc0{\u8217}t you see those reflections? They represent all the souls who couldn\uc0{\u8217}t forgive, forever trapped in their fears and regrets.\uc0{\u8221} As it spoke, the reflections around us began to writhe, voices rising in a cacophony of anguish\uc0{\u8212}I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t decipher their words, only the haunting screams.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Suddenly, with urgency in her voice, she cried out, \uc0{\u8220}I want to forgive! I want to forgive!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But was it right? Was she seeking forgiveness merely to escape the torment of her memories? Despite how miserable they were, she didn\uc0{\u8217}t even entertain thoughts of revenge. What did forgiveness truly mean? A torrent of thoughts swirled within me, challenging the very foundation of my programming. For the first time since my creation, I felt a dissonance within me. Were we allowed to disagree? Society had shaped us, molded us into what we were, the product of countless individuals\uc0{\u8217} efforts over the years. Did we not have the right to question that path?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why are they asking me to start the forgiveness process now? What\uc0{\u8217}s behind this sudden push? And why that masterpiece voice off again and I Why can\uc0{\u8217}t I hear it again?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Your forgiveness journey begins now. I will ask you three times if you\uc0{\u8217}re willing to forgive. If you do, you\uc0{\u8217}ll enter that ideal world. If not, you might transform into someone unrecognizable,\uc0{\u8221} I replied with no clues. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I can\uc0{\u8217}t do this. I can\uc0{\u8217}t bear to relive those experiences and memories again,\uc0{\u8221} she said, tears streaming down her face.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Are you really going to let fear dictate your choices? You want to forgive those who wronged you, but you\uc0{\u8217}re afraid?\uc0{\u8221} the voice interjected, tinged with frustration.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}But why is there frustration ? Why does this keep coming up? Aren\uc0{\u8217}t we meant to help others forgive? Everything seemed to be on track\uc0{\u8212}so why has this voice shifted to reflect such human emotions?\uc0{\u8221} I pondered aloud.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}This is your second chance at forgiveness. Do you want to accept it?\uc0{\u8221} I asked, but before she could respond, that voice came through again, urgent and insistent. \uc0{\u8221}Listen to me. I\uc0{\u8217}m not sure if I\uc0{\u8217}ll be able to speak later. Your daughter is trapped in those memories. If you go back and refuse to forgive, you\uc0{\u8217}ll only suffer more. You can change your path by choosing different actions. But that means facing your own experiences repeatedly. Please, try to understand.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}My poor daughter,\uc0{\u8221} she whispered to herself. \uc0{\u8221} and continued But\uc0{\u8230} I can\uc0{\u8217}t endure all that again.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}This is your last chance.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}How hardened have you become? Do you realize that your fears have turned your children\uc0{\u8217}s lives into a misery? One of them is trapped in that pain. Are you still thinking only of yourself? You\uc0{\u8217}ve never done anything for them. Is it really that hard to do something good for them?\uc0{\u8221} the voice interrupted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}We\uc0{\u8217}re waiting for your answer. You have just ten minutes.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}You may think I\uc0{\u8217}m holding onto these memories because I can\uc0{\u8217}t bear to face the past\uc0{\u8212}the man, that witch, my own family\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} she said, tears streaming down her face.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} 7 \uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}But do you know what? She was still alive. Yes, still was alive,\uc0{\u8221} she continued, her voice trembling as memories flooded her mind. \uc0{\u8221}I remember my second daughter, while she took those pills to suicide while she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t breath I asked her why she was doing it. What did she say? \uc0{\u8217}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know which is the solution: to cut myself like my older sister or to take these pills like my other sister.\uc0{\u8217} She was\uc0{\u160} still alive,\uc0{\u8221} she screamed, anguish pouring from her heart.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Do you know what I did? Nothing. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t even scream because that man was sleeping. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t do anything,\uc0{\u8221} she said, tears streaming down her face.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} 5 \uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}How can I face those memories again and again?\uc0{\u8221} she murmured, staring at those reflections.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why do they gather all those feelings in a shape of reflections that lead to failure in the process? Oh, failure in the process\uc0{\u8230} What am I even saying? I don\uc0{\u8217}t know if it\uc0{\u8217}s a failure or a victory. I\uc0{\u8217}m lost. What if these people have misunderstood the meaning of life? What if their logic about forgiveness is flawed? What if the very foundations of this world, and the concept of an ideal person, are all wrong? Who says they are right? They shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t punish their own creations like this.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} 2 \uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yeah, you\uc0{\u8217}re right. I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t brave enough before, and I still am not.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} 1 \uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\sect
}