{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy15\hr00\min02\sec47}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy15\hr00\min02\sec47}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the evening Gemy checks into Medisys Corporate Clinic for a compulsory medical examination to renew his refugee work permit. This is a huge relief from today\uc0{\u8217}s smell insults that he endured at Intercolli Factory.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gemy is late to the 5pm clinic appointment, so a nurse waits in the reception corridor. She is late for him too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Paraa\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} she spells Gemy\uc0{\u8217}s name which booms across the clinic \uc0{\u769}s packed reception. This is my turn now to meet a well-heeled immigration doctor, Gemy tells himself. He darts his eyes around the crowd, he is proud. I am a responsible refugee; partaking yearly medicals; guarding America\uc0{\u8217}s public health, Gemy tells himself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Here Gemy, a vase for your yellow urine sample,\uc0{\u8221} the nurse\uc0{\u8217}s voice swirls loud again, across the eerily silent reception!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two minutes later, he\uc0{\u8217}s ushered into the physician room, shy from a very public urine test. The doctor ambushes him, \uc0{\u8220}For the exam you remain with only socks no underwear, Gemy.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He layers off two jackets and piles them onto doctor room\uc0{\u8217}s sofa. The doctor taps Gemy\uc0{\u8217}s knees with his reflex hammer, \uc0{\u8220}Your watch follows underwear too.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gemy\uc0{\u8217}s bones recoil from the hammer \uc0{\u769}s force. \uc0{\u8220}Open mouth wide, breathe hard in-out,\uc0{\u8221} says the doctor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He mustn\uc0{\u8217}t see my gaping two upper front teeth and obvious bloody gums \uc0{\u8211} lest I fail the medical and work permit, Gemy says to himself. God knows the dilemma of refugees hiding dental pus from immigration doctors.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Any syphilis last 12 months?\uc0{\u8221} asks the doctor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Christ! No sex in fifteen months since arriving in America, and he just dangled syphilis in my mind, at a time I am obsessed with iPad}{\cf0\f0\i Pro}{\cf0\f0  masturbation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The doctor sees Gemy\uc0{\u8217}s cold sweat and duly releases him back into the care of the urine-sample announcer nurse. The nurse fondles Gemy\uc0{\u8217}s arm to gauge blood pressure. \uc0{\u8220}Sorry it\uc0{\u8217}s high, I will do a manual check,\uc0{\u8221} she says and dashes out of the room.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gemy frowns when she returns and squeezes his arm with her monitor cuff belt again and hallucinates, \uc0{\u8220}Oh cheers }{\cf0\f0\i 139/111 }{\cf0\f0 very normal.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He smiles, still careful to hide missing teeth.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 HIV/Tuberculosis test at last. \uc0{\u8220}Sign here double,\uc0{\u8221} she tells Gemy. \uc0{\u8220}Gonna be $300 in follow up tests, if we see HIV in your blood, sir.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She unbundles her test kit before Gemy nods. \uc0{\u8220}I fear needles and fangs,\uc0{\u8221} says Gemy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Hospital needles?\uc0{\u8221} she asks.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Not needles,\uc0{\u8221} Gemy says. \uc0{\u8220}I mean staring at needles. I look aside.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You can view through the window,\uc0{\u8221} she says and rubs wet cotton onto my left cuff veins to draw a spit of blood. \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s a lovely Boston day\uc0{\u8230}Lord, very dark, dreary. Wonder if the sun ever shows up. Left or right arm? Oh I choose,\uc0{\u8221} she says.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She ploughs the needle into Gemy\uc0{\u8217}s vein. Swoosh, it is painless but she panics anyway, \uc0{\u8220}Are you okay? Tell me Gemy if you feel dizzy.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gemy browses his arm \uc0{\u769}s skin. She ought to drill a simple puncture onto my vein. \uc0{\u8220}Oh this is bad I try right arm. You got rich bloody veins \uc0{\u8211} best veins in Boston,\uc0{\u8221} she adds.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is then when Gemy \uc0{\u160}remember Lourna, his factory supervisor \uc0{\u8211} \uc0{\u8220}you \uc0{\u769}re too skinny Gemy!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He shut his eyes when the nurse pinches his left arm \uc0{\u769}s vein.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Oh I miss. It\uc0{\u8217}s not you. It\uc0{\u8217}s me that\uc0{\u8217}s bad, I\uc0{\u8217}ll call someone \uc0{\u8211} my colleague,\uc0{\u8221} she pleads and patches cotton swabs over swellings that now resemble those of Gemys Italian friend, Paul \uc0{\u8211} a lustful }{\cf0\f0\i Adventist}{\cf0\f0  whose left thumb is sponged by a lifetime of needle pricks. Paul \uc0{\u769}s wife is a nurse in Boston. Each time Paul returns from a journalist trip that runs past six days, she scraps vials of his blood to inspect on the home }{\cf0\f0\i OraQuick}{\cf0\f0  HIV test kit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A better nurse walks in at last and introduces herself doubly. \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s a tense day for all of us,\uc0{\u8221} she says and scrolls through Gemy\uc0{\u8217}s veins with her ungloved fingers. \uc0{\u8220}Deep blood; drank water lately?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Oh yeah warm water today,\uc0{\u8221} he says.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Ate?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Light breakfast it must be!\uc0{\u8221} Gemy omit sthe glass of Molson Export lager he downed at dawn.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The skillful second nurse has left Gemy\uc0{\u8217}s veins charred with wounds when he loiters back to the clinic\uc0{\u8217}s reception. $265 you ought to pay now, the cashier tells him. \uc0{\u8220}Your HIV results will be emailed 7-10 days. We are pretty fast now.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gemy still clutches my swollen left arm when he walks into the train at Montmorency Station. Once inside, a street sleeper forages through seats and stops at him, \uc0{\u8220}Any change sir, coins?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}