{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy14\hr09\min45\sec10}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy14\hr09\min45\sec10}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 BETTER EARS THAN BEAUTY.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lubumbashi, Haut-Katanga around 1980-1991 those were years of sustainable social life in the country told my grandma when I was a young boy, and she adds and said; we were very lucky to be born during that time because our parents could provide for us with everything needed, as the economy was good, everyone could work and they were jobs for everyone until the time when the economy collapsed because of political issues, the country started having many social problems in every sector of life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One of my earliest memories is directly linked to my sister called Rosie from my aunt called Kat and grew up together, she is one of my aunt\uc0{\u8217}s favorite girls children, a beautiful one and my aunt loves her more than her other kids, I think that is why she grew up with a lot of egocentrism, whims, and pride, this is what makes her stubborn until adulthood.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the beginning, it was normal for us all to be egocentric, and whim because we were kids, besides, I remember that my aunt and she both had the same second name which is Kabena, and her mother used to give Rosie more love, and attention, and gifts than us, and she was proud of herself most of the time and I am the one who mum preferred than all of you. I had a hatred for that kind of talking since, and I remember one day I tried to reproach Rosie\uc0{\u8217}s behavior; automatically I was in trouble with my aunt, she was hungry with me and said:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Papy this is the last time to criticize my daughter\uc0{\u8217}s behavior, or else I will beat you like a slave, don\uc0{\u8217}t ever again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That day, I was afraid like never before and I took my distance from her to avoid problems.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My aunt did this several times with everyone who tried to correct Rosie\uc0{\u8217}s behavior. That is the mistake she has made, making Rosie a stubborn girl day after day. Even though we were a family and young, love and empathy were with us all dispart my sister\uc0{\u8217}s behavior and we didn\uc0{\u8217}t take it seriously because we were young. We stayed in the same house for years especially on holidays considering our culture(African culture); all the children in the family had a sharing time due to holidays. It was the way we lived until my parents decided to bring me somewhere for my studies. I think they discovered that I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t succeed in my studies if I could stay there for long, and that is why they decided to bring me to boarding for my studies. I went there for three years. Going to a boarding helps me to work on character and behavior by living with people coming from different places, I am supposed to humble myself to work as a team for different study purposes like essays, exams, case studies, and sports: Football and basketball. Sharing time with them helped me to understand things and people come from different backgrounds and this made me mature and responsible.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I ended up with my secondary school I went back home and realized that many things happened in my absence, especially with my beloved sister Rosie because since we were very young we had been close friends, that is why I went to my aunt\uc0{\u8217}s home to see her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I arrived there suddenly I discovered a young beautiful woman and I understood that we were no longer kids, but already part of the active society, I mean people who can serve the country with their abilities. So, in my thought, I knew that my sister\uc0{\u8217}s behavior changed also, but I was wrong about her because after some days when we agreed to see some of our earlier friends and went to meet them is there where I saw things, the way Rosie was talking to them, and treating them was horrible; talking to them we arrogance, pride, and whims without seeing that we are in the restaurant in front of other people. She wanted to be above us all, what she said must be the right thing to do, and as it was the first day to meet after years; I tolerated it and went back home. But the next time when we met with other families\uc0{\u8217} siblings; I saw the same thing in her: arrogant, prideful, and whimsical actions, and in all topics she wanted everyone to support her opinion. To my side, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t accept that happened again. So, after our family meeting, I called her and said; Rosie we need to talk, she replied and said: ok, let us talk.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I told her and said: Rosie you\uc0{\u8217}re my close sister and friend, now we are mature people, and for that reason things must change,\uc0{\u160} because how could you be the same person since we were young until now? I can see the way you\uc0{\u8217}re acting, talking, and treating other people with arrogance, him, and pride that is not right!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I added and said:\uc0{\u160} you\uc0{\u8217}re a beautiful young woman in our family therefore you must be a model for others, your behavior and character should change for your own good first, and secondly for people around you. If not sooner or later you gonna regret this.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I left my sister with the hope that she would work on his behavior and change for good. As I was busy with myself with other things, I had a trip far from my family for business in Kanya, at Nairobi and this took almost two years selling meals in a small butcher\uc0{\u8217}s shop.\uc0{\u160} So, when I went back to my land home I found out that my sister Rosie was already married to a kind man who loved her a lot, and his name is Patrick. This gay when I met him one week back automatically became close to me, and we could talk about everything without limit. Late we could have one or two hours together at his home place with her wife who is my sister, but I observed and saw in my sister the same person. Most of the time she argued with his husband on different subjects even if his man had a reason to tell her something or want her to do something, my sister didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to follow his husband\uc0{\u8217}s instructions, instead she complained every day like she was under Patrick\uc0{\u8217}s pressure.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On my side, I was disappointed and remembered what my grandma told me one day, and said: better hears than beauty for a woman, because beauty only isn\uc0{\u8217}t enough for a great woman.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She was right to say this because Rosie was busy with his beauty, jewelry, expensive clothes, dining out in six-star hotels with his husband, and other distractions. But she didn\uc0{\u8217}t take the time to build her house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day my grandma told me and said that; knowing how to run is not synonymous with knowing the road on which you\uc0{\u8217}re running if there isn\uc0{\u8217}t a guide with you. But my sister is always acting like someone who knows everything, but what I know is that in this life we are learning every day from anyone.\uc0{\u160} It happened that one day Rosie\uc0{\u8217}s husband sent a worming from their godmother like my aunt should teach Rosie how to respect his husband because it has been long enough Patrick continued to tolerate his wife\uc0{\u8217}s bad behavior. I remember that they were a family meeting at home about Rosie\uc0{\u8217}s issue, and my father got angry with Rosie\uc0{\u8217}s behavior.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had overheard how my mum condemned my Aunt Kat, and said; you are the one who raised your daughter with this bad character, now look how things have become today. She added and said; now you\uc0{\u8217}re the one who must correct these mistakes, and do your best to save your daughter\uc0{\u8217}s marriage. My aunt agreed and said; ok, I will do it. Days after when I checked on her nothing changed, and I was worried about her but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t do anything again as I had already told her everything she was supposed to do, and my parents and Aunt Kat did it also.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After three months his husband divorced her because he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t continue to tolerate my sister\uc0{\u8217}s behavior, and when I heard that I was shocked with sorrow. Then I remember that the Bible says: the wise woman beats her house, but the fool destroys it. My beloved sister destroyed her marriage cause of bad character, she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t hear anyone, she confided only in her beauty, and remained the same strong-willed person. She wants more but in the end, she loses everything.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}