{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy18\hr08\min53\sec28}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy18\hr08\min53\sec28}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Billboard was wildly successful as an illegal gold buyer in Welkom, South Africa, the gold belt of central South Africa. The gold was there in this 100 year old colonial mining town, especially at Level 10, meaning 4km under the earth at Lily Mine, which was also Welkom\uc0{\u8217}s biggest. But to get down the money, zama-zamas as illegal gold miners were called in the local Sotho language, had to pay $15 000 for a \uc0{\u8216}connection\uc0{\u8217}. A connection meant bribing mine managers so that zama-zamas could be smuggled down Lily Mine disguised as legitimate mine works. Once down at Level 10, zama-zamas would stay underground for up to nine months a time, scrapping for gold ore daily and using couriers to send the ore up to \uc0{\u8216}buyers\uc0{\u8217} up on the ground. Buyers were men like Billboard who would pay the \uc0{\u8216}connection\uc0{\u8217} fee for zama-zamas to be sneaked under the mine and dig for gold for on months\uc0{\u8217} end. Zama-zamas in turn kept their gold with \uc0{\u8216}buyers\uc0{\u8217} like Billboard who would make daily ledger entries for nine months until the time came for a zama-zama to return back to the earth. It was then when Billboard would subtract his initial $15 000 \uc0{\u8216}connection fee\uc0{\u8217}, and buy the zama-zama\uc0{\u8217}s gold haul for profitable resell.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Samu \uc0{\u8211} a 28 year old young bachelor and zama-zama from Rusu, Mozambique, the same village where Billboard came from was financed by Billboard to go down Lily Mine and dig for gold for eight months. Samu was energetic. He toiled 4km under Lily Mine, subsisting on tins of fish, bread and orange juice. Under the mine it was sooty, hot and humid. Day to day life was cat-and-fish with mine police officers who would sometimes make unannounced patrols to flush out any zama-zama who would be found down there. Weekly Sama would pay couriers, legitimate mine workers, to carry his average of 50 grams of gold ore up the earth for safe-keeping with Billboard. It was dangerous for illegal miners like Samu to keep their gold under the earth for fear that rival zama-zamas could rob them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Your gold haul has come to 300 grams,\uc0{\u8221} Billboard wrote a short letter to Samu when he had clocked 7 months and he was left with just four weeks to climb up out of the mine and enjoy the fruits of his toil. The letter was couriered down the mine by compromised legitimate mine workers who would deliver it to Samu. This was the outdated way for \uc0{\u8216}buyers\uc0{\u8217} on the ground like Billboard and their contracted zama-zamas like Samu, deep under the mine, to keep in touch over many months.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One week was left before Samu would climb out of the mine and enjoy his riches. His wife across the border in Mozambique was happy and she was expecting him for the first time in eight months. She had had from rumors that Samu had worked hard and had accumulated 600 grams of gold (though Billboard\uc0{\u8217}s books said 300 grams).}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was on a misty Saturday and suddenly word reached Billboard and everyone above the ground that a fatal accident had happened deep under the mine. Robbers had attacked Samu under the mine, ransacked his tools, gorged his body with sharp small stones, stolen his gold ore and murdered him. This was the version of events that had reached the community of zama-zamas above the ground.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I wish he never went to search for this money,\uc0{\u8221} Samu\uc0{\u8217}s wife weep uncontrollably on the phone when Billboard broke the news to him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}This caught us by surprise, what cowardly criminal would do this?\uc0{\u8221} replied Billboard. A lot of Samu\uc0{\u8217}s gold that Billboard kept would have to be sold off immediately in order to haul Samu\uc0{\u8217}s body up the mine and over the border to his family in Mozambique for burial. Within a week it had happened and Billboard had accompanied Samu\uc0{\u8217}s remains to Mozambique, bought the funeral meal and paid for the grave diggers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When the funeral had passed Samu\uc0{\u8217}s widow and her family asked Billboard for a breakdown of how much gold the late Samu had which was in his keeping. \uc0{\u8220}He gave you 600 grams for safekeeping minus 200 grams which you sold to cover for expenses to smuggle his corpse out of the mine, right?\uc0{\u8221} asked Samu\uc0{\u8217}s wife.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Uh,\uc0{\u8221} shrugged Billboard. Their figure was incorrect. Samu gave him 300 grams of gold. He sold off 200 grams. What remained of him was 100 grams, Billboard told them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Samu\uc0{\u8217}s family was shocked, enraged and refuseed to believe Billboard\uc0{\u8217}s figure. A spirited argument ensued until Billboard left their compound in a huff. Grudgingly, Samu\uc0{\u8217}s family were paid the remaining 100 grams, and Billboard never spoke to them again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was December at Christmas time and word reached Samu\uc0{\u8217}s family that Billboard, the wealthy gold buyer had lost his mind over there in South Africa. He was eating from bins, mouthing something about the name of the late Samu, running in streets naked and watering the local school garden at midnight whilst wearing only his underwear. Billboard\uc0{\u8217}s family crossed the border to fetch him and visited a witch-doctor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}He killed Samu and his fate can\uc0{\u8217}t be reversed,\uc0{\u8221} the witch doctor told Billboard\uc0{\u8217}s family. His family argued among themselves whether they should approach Samu\uc0{\u8217}s family, pay a fine and appease Samu\uc0{\u8217}s spirit. Before they could do, word had broken around the village. Wealthy gold buyers like Billboard were financing gold diggers like Samu to sneak under mines, toil for gold. Up the ground, the likes of Billboard would steal their clients\uc0{\u8217} gold and forge books of accounts of how much gold they held on behalf of clients. When clients like Samu were about to climb out of the mine to enjoy their loot, wealthy handlers like Billboard would finance their murders under Welkom Mine, making it look like a brutal, ordinary robbery.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We don\uc0{\u8217}t want your fine, your remorse, we are fine with the 100 grams you said our late dear Samu gave you for safekeeping,\uc0{\u8221} sad Samu\uc0{\u8217}s family rebuffing attempts by Billboard\uc0{\u8217}s family to come clean and make peace.}}\par
\sect
}