{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy23\hr17\min14\sec23}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy23\hr17\min14\sec23}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Today is the morning of my first Intercolli Factory Christmas party and sciatica back pain wells up my legs nerves and they are like hot iron drilling through my flesh.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}My back\uc0{\u8230}my backache kills me,\uc0{\u8221} I tell Amrik my co-fabrics cutter who hails from Punjabi, India.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Tell Boss Lorna. Take a day off,\uc0{\u8221} Amrik shouts, saliva lining his Sikh religion beard as he laughs unrestrained.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Amrik, a secure America Permanent Resident, doesn\uc0{\u8217}t sense how terrifying it is for an African asylum seeker to request a legitimate sick day off from Lorna, a dominant white American woman who doesn\uc0{\u8217}t look French or English or anything.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sciatica pain today ties in with Egnicio\uc0{\u180}s fate. Ignacio is the injured fabrics cutter whose job I was hired to fill. Ignacio, his broken shoulder, is the price of a Permanent Residence sponsorship by Intercolli Fabrics Factory \uc0{\u8211} being locked in a $365/week job. I was sobered to learn from the }{\cf0\f0\i Boston Globe }{\cf0\f0 newspaper this morning that the United State Citizenship and Immigration Services vows to deport a young Jamaican gym therapist who abandoned a Texas State Permanent Residence bond to take up a $40, 000/year job in Washington State. \uc0{\u8220}He has himself to blame!\uc0{\u8221} Amrik shouts recklessly as if he has no heart.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hearing him and his carefree talk on immigrants, my pain seers further up to my ribs. Amrik sees my struggles and laughs, \uc0{\u8220}Why walk like a lady?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Aha, talking of ladies, I befriended an Indian lady in Germany,\uc0{\u8221} I reply wanting to hear his careless opinions.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Amrik parses his lips quickly, and looks at my shoes, skin, and shoulders, \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t believe you. Punjabi Indian woman? Black like you?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes. Indian lady,\uc0{\u8221} I repeat.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Maybe South Indian Tamil, darker skin, like you African, no no no proper Indian lady,\uc0{\u8221} he says.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Indian, 20 Euro,\uc0{\u8221} I repeat.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You paid?\uc0{\u8221} gasps Amrik. The mention of 20 Euro jolted him from his slow walking stride and brought a frown on his face \uc0{\u8220}You can pay too here in Boston. Somali girls, $20 an hour. Your Africa sisters\uc0{\u8230} in underground brothels, and have them.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I paid for our first dinner,\uc0{\u8221} I say. \uc0{\u8220}At an Indian restaurant in Berlin.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Oh ya ya ya Black Black man,\uc0{\u8221} laughs Amrik relieved that I am talking of paying for a dinner date with an Indian lady at a Berlin restaurant \uc0{\u8211} not a brothel. Of course, he doesn\uc0{\u8217}t believe that I, a Black African, went to dinner with an Indian lady in Germany.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have been spoken to as \uc0{\u8220}black\uc0{\u8221} five times today that this Intercolli Factory Christmas party resembles the carwash a couple of yards from my apartment. \uc0{\u8220}Hey Black you want a car wash job?\uc0{\u8221} the thug (carwash owner actually) assails me on my way home from the Christmas party at work.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I kick snowflakes from the sidewalk onto his Jeep, \uc0{\u8220}Oh yeah weekends.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Come close,\uc0{\u8221} he says. He fetches his iPhone and lowers the window, \uc0{\u8220}Your name again?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Gemy,\uc0{\u8221} I tell him for the second time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Great,\uc0{\u8221} he twiddles his iPhone, \uc0{\u8220}OK I save Contact as }{\cf0\f0\i Blackman 2}{\cf0\f0 . Got another }{\cf0\f0\i Blackman 1}{\cf0\f0  in Contacts.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}{\cf0\f0 It is chilling \uc0{\u8211} how white American carwash owners save our black names in their iPhones.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yesterday \uc0{\u769}s factory Christmas party was gifted and Amrik\uc0{\u8217}s silliness gave me a chance to garnish leftover cakes and thus contain my weekly bread bill. So, this morning, I jet straight to the tea room to feast on crumbs. Two Indian ladies, Jakor and Rayudu, giggle next to the water heater. Jakor \uc0{\u769}s fingers nibble through Rayudu\uc0{\u8217}s armpits. Perhaps she scans for breast tumors. Wise, I think.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I stroll past them. Jakor\uc0{\u180}s fingers forage faster and she clops out strands of Rayudu\uc0{\u180}s dying armpit hair with a fabric razor, in the tea room!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I glimpse Rayudu\uc0{\u8217}s moist armpit hair strands now littered on the tea table. I think of my late parents in Zimbabwe and how my eldest sister would pitch home at midnight in 1989. I slept on the floor in their bedroom. I would scream each night my parents furrowed through my sister \uc0{\u769}s pubic hair and opened her soft, pink vagina to forage for signs of sperm and test her lies: \uc0{\u8220}You \uc0{\u769}re seeing him, the headmaster? You shall be the first in our family to die of this disease!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In boyhood, my parents were harsh with my sister but ignored my homosexual lap dances with Kenny the cattle herder. Each time my penis hugged Kenny \uc0{\u769}s, I cried to be his wife. Our tiny penises back then looked like }{\cf0\f0\i Made in China}{\cf0\f0  fuck-sticks. Our act was sweet gay love, stupidly believing life is an accident of physics. Kenny fell to pneumonia and tobacco in Zimbabwe and was buried last week, I heard on Facebook. I am happy to hear of his death because I am selfish. I wait for my loved ones to die first before I write of our sex lives.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}