{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo12\dy14\hr12\min42\sec34}{\revtim \yr2022\mo12\dy14\hr12\min42\sec34}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Blood of an innocent boy}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It all happened at night. In Kakuma refugee camp, Kenya. When everyone was asleep. In 2009, i witnessed the most terrifying night in my entire life. That night was one of my unforgettable nights in this camp. It was around 10pm (EAT) when everyone in the community were asleep. During those days, the community was so quite because we didn\uc0{\u8217}t have televisions, radios nor computers. This was because we lacked electric power. The community was as dark as a grave. We were still using the paraffin lamps and candles to light their houses.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 2009 was one of the years that our community was not safe. Robbers and thieves would invade the community any time and steal whatever they find. They mostly stole ration(the food given by WFP), jerrycans, utensils and clothes too. That night i was a sleep. My mother woke us up. We woke and i heard people shouting and crying. The homestead was not far away from our house. The loudest voice was, \uc0{\u8220}where is the money.\uc0{\u8221} They had broken into the house of a certain man called Salim. He was a business man. He had a hotel in the market. So they broke into Salim\uc0{\u8217}s house to steal his money. Salim had a wife and 5 children; 3 boys and 2 girls. The robbers were armed with guns. They were 3 in number. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The robbers made the whole family to kneel down. Then asked the Salim were the money was. Salim told, \uc0{\u8220}i have no money.\uc0{\u8221} They used the back of the gun to hit him on the ribs. They asked him again and he still gave the same answer. This time around they cocked the gun and pointed on his head. The children and the wife were so terrified. The wife stood up and went inside the room and brought money and gave to the robbers. The robbers were happy because they got what they came for and left their house after slapping Salim and his family. The entire community were panicking in their houses. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The whole community was silent. As soon as they left the community, Salim and his family started shouting. The whole community gained courage and started shouting. When the robbers realized that the community were making a lot of noise and this could attract the attention of the police, they had to fire a bullet.\uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} Everyone was quite and panicked. When they fired the bullet, it accidentally went through Kadogo\uc0{\u8217}s stomach. A young boy of 9 years old. It penetrated through their house and hit him where he was standing. When the robbers left, we came out and went to see Kadogo. He lost a lot of blood. The intestines were almost coming out of the stomach. We were all shocked. His mother and sisters were crying. The ambulance was called and Kadogo was rushed to the hospital. We escaped war in our home country and came to seek refugee here in Kakuma refugee camp. Are we really safe here? Just imagine Kadogo almost losing his life without a crime. The blood of an innocent boy getting spilt. I really never felt safe from that night. }}\par
\sect
}