{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy02\hr18\min35\sec27}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy02\hr18\min35\sec27}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Stacy and Marlene were two sisters from the same parents, though they were separated from birth. Their parents had a big misunderstanding and so they got\uc0{\u160} divorce. Stacy was taken by her father and Marlene was taken by her mother. Marlene grew up in poverty whereas Stacy had the best lavish life anyone would think of. She had everything she needed, she went to the best schools in the city and was taken as a star since they were very rich. The students at school literally worshipped her though she never had respect for anyone. Her father was ever busy with work and he didn\uc0{\u8217}t\uc0{\u160} have time to discipline her at all so he left all that responsibility to his sister who was so evil and bad mannered. On the other side, their poor mother raised Marlene with alot of respect and love though they were poor. Marlene didn\uc0{\u8217}t really go to nice schools but she was so bright in her middle class college that she got a scholarship to study in the best school in the city. Unknowingly, she had got a scholarship to the college where her sister was studying. She was so humble and respected other people alot.When Marlene joined the college, she won the hearts of the teachers and students because of her kindness and respect for other people. Because of this, she became Stacy\uc0{\u8217}s worst enemy for Stacy couldn\uc0{\u8217}t take the fact that somebody else is taking her place in the college. Bruno was the most handsome boy in the college and Stacy was madly in love with him though Bruno simply just liked her because they were family friends. Ever since Marlene joined the college, Stacy\uc0{\u8217}s life was turned upside down, people started hating her and loving Marlene instead including Bruno too. She became so furious since she knew that she could get anything she wanted including Bruno.\uc0{\u160} Ever since then, she started plotting against Marlene to make her look bad infront of Bruno and the whole college. Luckily every time she tried to turnish Marlene she ends up being caught. One day she defamed Marlene by making a fake video showing that she was sleeping with another man. This brought alot of shame to Marlene and she was the talk of the college for some good days. Bruno was so hurt by this for he had fallen in love with Marlene. He had so much trust on Marlene that he took it upon himself to get to the bottom of all the fake news that was spreading around the college. As the saying goes\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8221}DO}\par
{\cf0\f0\i  GOOD AND IT SHALL BE DONE TO YOU\uc0{\u8221} .\uc0{\u160}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Marlene being a kind hearted soul was helped by the very same girl who was paid to defame her. The girl couldn\uc0{\u8217}t bare the guilt of doing that to a poor innocent person. So she went and told Marlene everything. Marlene being a kind person decided to forgive Stacy and left the issue. This brought more respect unto her by the people of the college and atlast her name was cleared.}\par
\sect
}