{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy10\hr18\min56\sec45}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy10\hr18\min56\sec45}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Bonsai Pine / Pac-Man and Strawberry}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Stay here, eh?\uc0{\u8221} ordered my mother. \uc0{\u8221}Don\uc0{\u8217}t let go of the trolley.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Hey, how much do you have a kilo for?\uc0{\u8221} shooted my granny.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My left hand was still twitching when arriving at the esplanade on the outskirts of the city. I still had the marks of my mother\uc0{\u8217}s trolley handle on my hand when she disappeared, together with her mum and sister, among pyramids of piquillo peppers.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Keep an eye on the three shopping trolleys, ok?\uc0{\u8221} I nodded as my heart recovered its pace after a tumultuous race with those three rumbling chequered horses bouncing on cement tiles with grape reliefs.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Let\uc0{\u8217}s go back there, to the man from N\uc0{\u225}jera\uc0{\u8221} my mum waved to the others pointing at a distant pyramid . \uc0{\u8220}He\uc0{\u8217}s the one who has the cheapest and meatiest peppers.\uc0{\u8221} I breathed her excitement and the enveloping sweet pepper breeze. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ve been round a couple of times this week, after dropping them off at school\uc0{\u8221} she said slightly looking at me. \uc0{\u8220}Prices are not going to go down any more\uc0{\u8221} she asserted already on her way to the tarpaulin on which the farmer was standing besides his entire harvest of peppers for the year.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Besides\uc0{\u8221} said my granny, \uc0{\u8220}by November there won\uc0{\u8217}t be anyone left here.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes! Yes, we better hurry and buy them today\uc0{\u8221} said my aunt, \uc0{\u8220}three full trolleys should be enough for all.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, because once they are roasted\uc0{\u8221} said my granny, \uc0{\u8220}they come to nothing.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At night the peppers remained there, fully covered by a larger tarpaulin. Nobody would steal from a farmer there.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Ana, we\uc0{\u8217}ll leave them at your house\uc0{\u8221} said my aunt \uc0{\u8220}and then we\uc0{\u8217}ll all leave here together for the village tomorrow morning.\uc0{\u8221} My mum nodded as we left the farmers singing out their prices per kilo on our backs.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 * * *}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It always amazes how compact my shopping cart becomes. Most of the time, I don\uc0{\u8217}t have the patience to figure out the last step when unfolding it \uc0{\u8211} retracting its bottom and wheels into a carrier bag \uc0{\u8211} and just carry it along for my weekly shopping. Today is no different. I\uc0{\u8217}ve carried the trolley down the endless pine staircase to my apartment and turned right on Calle Carranza, with the satisfied whirring of its plastictrolley\uc0{\u8217}s wheels behind me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I arrive twenty minutes later at Mostenses Plaza, a square filled with a motley collage of buildings that seem to lean against each other, shoulder to shoulder. The square always strikes me like a small pond in the densely built Madrid Centro, Mostenses Market a humble island of red brick in the middle and the streets Antonio Grilo, Calle del \uc0{\u193}lamo and Calle del General Mitre converging like narrow streams.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Rolling my shopping cart across the square, I look up at the ornate Riu Hotel, the tallest skyscraper from Plaza de Espa\uc0{\u241}a that stands right next to the square. I imagine throwing a marker from one of the rooms on its north-eastern fa\uc0{\u231}ade to the market\uc0{\u8217}s roof. The marker would pass over a cluster of white buildings that seem piled in a hurry, and then it lands between the two paintings on the roof: a Pac-Man with a wide-open mouth and a huge strawberry looking suspiciously from the corner of its eye.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Only if the market were to rotate on itself like a marker before crashing into it, or like a restless body on a Madrilian summer night, would we understand the dizziness one feels when entering this square that never sleeps.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Carrying my shopping trolley up the seven steps to the entrance, I already hear La Zumeria\uc0{\u8217}s industrial blender. Their juice is delicious and only costs a euro, but the whirring sound is misleading. When the automatic doors open, I\uc0{\u8217}m not greeted by a sweet blend of papaya, orange and mango, but by thick, salty Serrano ham cured with a mixture of spicy and sweet paprika. Passing by the egg and game meat stall, I turn right, through La Zumeria\uc0{\u8217}s queue, and join the lively crowd who, like me, walk from stall to stall to the vendors we know so well we could be friends, hoping to return home quickly with the freshest and better quality produce.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I find the poultry stall in the heart of the market and queue up. Hundreds of chicken feet are in the refrigerated display case. I usually buy them to cook broth for the week. They make a perfect entrance to a winter dinner and their collagen seems to be good for your hair, joints and skin. Chicken gizzards are piled next to the feet. I love gizzards, but I only buy them when I\uc0{\u8217}ll be alone. My mother loved them too; they were the treasures of the dinner soups. I used to watch her cook them from a blue Formica stool in our kitchen in Logro\uc0{\u241}o.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Next!\uc0{\u8221} calls the poultry vendor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nowadays, the butchers cut up the chickens, but when I was young, you had to do that work yourself. I loved watching my mum butchering and cleaning chickens, she used everything in different recipes, except from its half-opened eyes, which stared at me as if they knew I was going to suck every phalanx of its feet.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Who\uc0{\u8217}s next?\uc0{\u8221} the vendor repeats. The handful of impatient customers turn around and start talking to each other. \uc0{\u8220}I was after you, wasn\uc0{\u8217}t I?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No, you gave the turn to me.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Ah, yes, that\uc0{\u8217}s right!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Who\uc0{\u8217}s next?\uc0{\u8221} the vendor asks again, a bit more agitated. \uc0{\u8220}Come on, I haven\uc0{\u8217}t got all day!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Oh, sorry, I think it\uc0{\u8217}s me! It\uc0{\u8217}s my turn, isn\uc0{\u8217}t it?\uc0{\u8221} I reply, staring at the counter. \uc0{\u8220}God, what a shame!\uc0{\u8221} I whisper to the pieces of chicken piled on the counter. Who knows what bones and dead meat hear.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What do you want?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Give me four chicken wings, and a handful of gizzards,\uc0{\u8221} I reply, thinking how mysterious queues are. They widen everybody\uc0{\u8217}s pores so much that the impatience of one enters the rest and, like a flamenco guitar string caressed by a fingertip, resonate in each one\uc0{\u8217}s entire body.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}How do you want them?\uc0{\u8221} he asks. \uc0{\u8220}Want me to cut them?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Ah, yes please,\uc0{\u8221} I reply, feeling both relieved and afraid he\uc0{\u8217}ll get mad I only want to buy four chicken wings and I\uc0{\u8217}m this nervous.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You want two pieces, right?\uc0{\u8221} he says, pulling away the wing tip with his machete.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No, please give me the three pieces\uc0{\u8221} I reply confidently, slightly raising my voice.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Alright then\uc0{\u8221} he says, and he tosses the chicken wings and the gizzards effortlessly into a paper bag. The last time I visited my father, we had chicken for lunch. I noticed him eating the bones completely clean. \uc0{\u8220}Since when do you eat cartilage?\uc0{\u8221} I asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My father shrugged. \uc0{\u8220}I got into the habit when you moved out.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I nodded, and I felt a warmth as he must have loved the cartilages all along, but just pretended he didn\uc0{\u8217}t so I could secretly steal them from him when I was young.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Here you go,\uc0{\u8221} says the vendor. \uc0{\u8220}Anything else?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No, thank you\uc0{\u8221} I reply and put the bag in my shopping cart. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ll see you next week.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}See you then.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I find my way through the crowds arriving to eat ceviche, a bargain on today\uc0{\u8217}s men\uc0{\u250} del d\uc0{\u237}a, thinking of my friend Elisaa friend who told me that at night, a subterranean confluence of bodies \uc0{\u8211} like the waters that run through the subsoil of this city \uc0{\u8211} used to collide, slide and melt together, stagnating in a dance floor in the underground parking. A unique shapeless fluid body fluctuating a floor below pyramids of fish and polystyrene boxes, terraces of vacuum-packed cold meats, triangles of sheep\uc0{\u8217}s cheese and duck p\uc0{\u226}t\uc0{\u233} curls. Mostenses square. I never quite manage to grasp its shape, which, like its history, is slippery as a fish.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Chicha morada heladita, chicha morada heladita,\uc0{\u8221} a woman whispers to me on my way to buy yucca, plantain, lime, coriander, rice noodles, Batavia lettuce (which can last up to two weeks if you keep it in a plastic bag in the fridge), along with four figs because it\uc0{\u8217}s summer. I\uc0{\u8217}m shopping at stores I\uc0{\u8217}ve grown to love over the nine years I\uc0{\u8217}ve lived here. One the things I appreciate most about my life here is the relationships I\uc0{\u8217}ve built with the people who source and sell the food that I cook. I enter David\uc0{\u8217}s, my fishmonger, who runs his business in the ground floor of Barcel\uc0{\u243} Market.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While David cleans my sea bass and cuts it into individual portions, we talk about our cats. Mine is named Yoko, a half-Siamese. David tells me about his three cats as he wraps the seabass and quickly rolls a waxed paper cone, sneaking in two or three prawns for Yoko. I thank him and tell him I\uc0{\u8217}ll be back soon. \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re always welcome,\uc0{\u8221} he replies. I then head back home on the shadowy side of the street. It\uc0{\u8217}s nearly noon, the sun is burning. I wonder if I\uc0{\u8217}ve ever had a purple drink.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The smell of boiling olive oil and garlic blows from my neighbor\uc0{\u8217}s kitchen into mine. It wafts through the hallway, passing the five risographs in unvarnished wooden frames and the books in my shelves. Before leaving the apartment through the balcony overlooking Carranza Street, the olive oil and garlic slightly sways my light grey curtains as if to say goodbye and see you soon.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I leave the bags next to Yoko\uc0{\u8217}s basket on the kitchen table, while she meows and dances anxiously to the smell of prawn. I wonder how many dinner scents have been absorbed by my curtains. I wish I could write down all their recipes and the stories of cooking and eating them, maybe using the same marker that I imagined throwing between the giant strawberry and Pac-Man when I tossed it from the Riu hotel.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I take out my groceries one by one and hold them up to Yoko. She sniffs and rubs against each itemme with both sides of her face in a sign or approval. I turn on the stove to warm some sunflower oil while I cut pieces of cling film to freeze the seabass. Yoko stares at me with wide open eyes as I cut a prawn into smaller pieces. \uc0{\u8220}Here you go,\uc0{\u8221} I say, dropping the pieces in her bowl. As she devours it, I put the rest in a glass jar, remove the groceries from their cardboard and plastic wrappers and organise everything in the fridge, ready for easy use.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When Yoko has finished her prawn, she jumps to her spot on the top of the shelving cabinet, where she jealously stares at the chicken wings slowly turning golden in the hot sunflower oil. She always sits there, enjoying the fresh air blowing through our apartment from the Sierra de Guadarrama, watching me cook and reminding me of a younger version of myself. I\uc0{\u8217}d love to share some of the chicken with Yoko, but unfortunately Susana, her vet, told me she has to go on a hypoallergenic diet. She suspects Yoko has an allergy as her belly has become bald from licking it too much.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The salt, turmeric, cayenne, and sweet and hot paprika turn into brown mixture as I stir a spoon through the deep dish beside the stove. I lift the chicken wings from the pan into the deep dish, stirring them through the spices with two spoons before placing the dish on the kitchen table. Yoko jumps from the cabinet into the wicker basket that takes up a third of the table\uc0{\u8217}s surface. Since she arrived at this house six years ago, we came to an agreement: she is allowed to sleep on the kitchen table when I have meals, but only inside the basket.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I sit down beside Yoko and eat with my hands from the deep dish, the tips of my fingers becoming wet with oil, salt and spices. When I\uc0{\u8217}m done, I pat my hands dry on a napkin and I look at the white bones in the bowl. The composition reminds me of the bare trees near my uncle and aunt\uc0{\u8217}s house in Caborredondo, by the Cantabrian coast, their branches contorted by the endless sea wind.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Last Christmas, my uncle and aunt invited David and me to their house for dinner.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When we arrived, my uncle was finishing preparing a tuna tartare. Every Sunday, from June to September, he sails sixty miles off the coast of Santander together with his friend Roberto in a boat they share together to catch tuna. As we sat down at the table, my uncle dressed a lettuce salad with olive oil that he mixed with his hands.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Last year, the white albacore tuna went to the Scottish continental slopeHigh Lands earlier,\uc0{\u8221} he said with an unfocused gaze, glimpsing something in the distance. \uc0{\u8220}But now the tuna stayed longer. As long as the water stays between twenty and twenty-two degrees, the tuna stays. I use tuna for the tartar. It\uc0{\u8217}s fatter than albacore tuna and, when eaten raw, it is more palatable, like salmon.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I love listening to my uncle\uc0{\u8217}s stories; they\uc0{\u8217}re so vivid. He seems to come alive when he speaks; his stories transform his body. I wonder what would happen if he told a single story many times? For example, his tale of the fishing competition in which Roberto and he came seventh catching seventy two kilos of tuna, or the story of the eighty kilo tuna, as big as him, that he fought hand-to-hand for two hours before it finally escaped with the hook still in its mouth. Every time he tells these stories, his body shakes, and so do I, imagining myself out at sea trying to calm the tuna and bringing home one of those beautiful hooks that my uncle has and that scare me so much.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}This is the only way,\uc0{\u8221} my uncle said, turning his head towards me and David. \uc0{\u8220}Only by mixing lettuce with your hands does the oil truly stick to the leaves. Try it at home, and you\uc0{\u8217}ll see what a difference it makes.\uc0{\u8221} He smiled, reassuringly stroking the green mass as if the lettuce itself had taught him that fair, tender, and deliberate speed with which he worked. I thought I had only seen him stroke the salad like this while my auntie opened a jar of pickled quail, which they prepared themselves, serving it on the plate alongside the salad.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Auntie\uc0{\u8221}, I said, looking the little circles I had drawn with my fork in the escabeche , \uc0{\u8220}you have to give me the recipe for these quails.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Oh, my dear, there\uc0{\u8217}s nothing to it! Look, you just put some garlic onion and bay leaf in and that\uc0{\u8217}s it!\uc0{\u8221} she explained, closing an imaginary jar with her trembling hands.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My uncle\uc0{\u8217}s tartar had two secrets: a bit of mustard and a touch of Cobanero chilli that friends of my cousin from Coban, Guatemala, bring him every time they visit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We enjoyed that beautiful dinner and caught up with family stories, both old and new. As we savoured the gentle heat of the chilli in the tartare, my auntie seemed to be fading slightly, still affected by how much he missed my cousin during the four years he spent supervising the construction of a tunnel to channel water in a mountainous area of Guatemala. She has never slept well again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Uncle, can you show us your garden?\uc0{\u8221} I asked after dinner, eager for David to dive into my uncle\uc0{\u8217}s passion for plants and trees, a love that runs in my family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother\uc0{\u8217}s brother took us into the front yard. Standing beside his bonsai pine, the wind whipping its miniature canopy lightly like a streaming river, he held the trunk tentatively and mentioned his fifteen-year project of recreating the effect of sea wind. \uc0{\u8220}You know, I look at you and I see my sister\uc0{\u8217}s eyes,\uc0{\u8221} he said. My auntie stood beside him with watery eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I know! It happens even to me,\uc0{\u8221} I replied. \uc0{\u8220}Sometimes, when I dry myself absent-mindedly after a shower, I think I\uc0{\u8217}m drying her body, and I get a few jolts.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My uncle nodded. I looked at his bent back and the bonsai tree\uc0{\u8212}two bodies haunted by decades of Cantabrian winds. \uc0{\u8220}As I see you get older,\uc0{\u8221} my uncle said, \uc0{\u8220}you remind me more and more of her. I feel as time passes, my sister is coming back to me.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Well, last summer, when my dad and my sister came to Cuenca\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}And itt\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}s that loooooveeeeeee, can\uc0{\u8217}t stay by our side forever,\uc0{\u8221} my neighbor\uc0{\u8217}s passionate singing erupts from the courtyard into my kitchen, returning me home from Caborredondo in an instant. \uc0{\u8220}Come on! Ohhh p\uc0{\u225} p\uc0{\u225} p\uc0{\u225}!!,\uc0{\u8221} cheers the chorus of the song he\uc0{\u8217}s playing in the background.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}And it\uc0{\u8217}s that love changes its course from year to year,\uc0{\u8221} he carries on. \uc0{\u8220}And love comes and goes like the swallows and you have to give it to drink, love, at every corner, love\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The teeth of my lower jaw become a tool. Today there is no conversation to distract me from my bones, which are wood, and my teeth pass faster and faster, eliminating the matter until I hit the defined curve within the meat. I will not clean my hands until the end and I am aware that the action reaches a lively pace. The quick and efficient pace of manual labour.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yoko stands up in her basket and hops down from the table. She sits with her back to me, staring at the front door for over a minute. She turns her head and meows, her ice-blue eyes staring at me. It\uc0{\u8217}s time for me to lie down on the sofa in the living room, and for Yoko to jump on top of me so we can nap, hugging each other.}}\par
\sect
}