{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy14\hr11\min12\sec06}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy14\hr11\min12\sec06}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160}BORN AGAIN}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 gun fired outside. Her parents were at work, she heard a lot of noise from different It was a nice night when everything changed after Sarah and her siblings heard corners of the city. She decided to go and see what was going on. The sad news came by singing that her parents were shot to death by unknown people. After the funeral, some of the community members took Sarah and her three siblings to the refugee camp due to a lack of support and some of the needs.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The refugee camp was large with a lot of people and orphans as well, it was tough for her to overcome the situation of the camp. Most of the people in the camp have their relatives but to her, it was different and she decided to ask for help from a certain organization called Plan for Young Refuge. As she was 14 years old, the organization supported her with education and a house to live with her siblings. As the elder sister was responsible for taking care of her three siblings, after school they some of the sell Donuts on the road, so that they could find money to buy some of their needs.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Years went by, and Sarah finished her secondary education and applied to one of the organizations in the camp that offered a scholarship to go to Canada to start university life. She passed all the exams and went to Canada a year after the application was approved. She decided to do psychology so that she could help people who have trauma due to some of their life situations. She left her siblings in the hands of the organization which supported her since day one of her struggle life. After obtaining her degree and working at a famous hospital in Canada as a psychologist, she decided to call her three siblings to Canada and live happily.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}