{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy17\hr07\min10\sec36}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy17\hr07\min10\sec36}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I borrowed 1,500,000 Malawian Kwacha from my friend Tembo to start a business, but unfortunately, the business venture did not succeed. I was planning to open a shop that sells cooking oil and maize flour. I regret why I made the decision so quick without involving people. I thought that this would be a surprise to my husband and it would make him love me more after the business is successful. I was tired of depending on him all the time when I needed anything.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I kept this financial arrangement a secret from my husband and when the business started facing challenges, I chose to avoid Tembo\uc0{\u8217}s inquiries about the loan. Instead of addressing the issue, I became too dishonesty to my husband, Nyembo. After a period of five months, he caught me up during a phone conversation with Tembo when he was happily singing in the living room. Things took a turn for the worse when my husband discovered the truth. He confronted me, expressing his intention to retrieve the belongings I had brought home with the assistance of two bouncers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the middle of this confrontation, my husband was furious and I was overwhelmed by his shouting. My husband\uc0{\u8217}s anger even led him to physically assault me. He also instructed the bouncers to leave the premises. My husband then suggested that Mr. Tembo and I should resolve our issues independently since I did not ask for any advice when collecting the money from him. He emphasized that I should avoid surprising him in his own house with such cases in the future.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next morning, I was shocked to find that my husband had removed my belongings from the house, and it seemed that his family had left as well because we were staying in one bigger house. I was left standing outside, knocking on the door and crying. Eventually, a person named Maneba arrived, along with some other men. However, my husband informed them that if they wanted to pick me up, they should discuss it at the window. I was very shocked from my husband\uc0{\u8217}s decision. I could ask myself if really, if the loan is the cause of me being chased or there was something behind.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I am talking, I am back to my mother\uc0{\u8217}s place since my husband is angry at me. I am wondering how I will return the money or Mr. Tembo might get me arrested if I don\uc0{\u8217}t find means of giving him back the money. I did a mistake of not consulting my husband over the decision and I am paying for the consequences.}}\par
\sect
}