{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy23\hr20\min21\sec41}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy23\hr20\min21\sec41}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our journey from Ugandan camps to Malawi wasn\uc0{\u8217}t easy but the heavens were on our side. I, young sister Agnes and my parents were given lifts by good Samaritans on our way to the warm heart of Africa. Some of them gave us food and others supported us with money for transportation fees and other necessities. The journey was long but gave us lots of memories. Despite being an infant, I still remember the waves of Lake Tanganyika and the loud noise of the water big ships.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember my young sister used to ask \uc0{\u8220}What is Malawi?\uc0{\u8221}. And my father would respond saying \uc0{\u8220}Malawi yabwino\uc0{\u8221} meaning Malawi is good. Honestly, this was one of the statements which infested lots of hope in the hearts of my parents and many other refugees. They were wishing a home far away from their broken homes. They were dreaming of us the children attending schools freely away from the rumbled schools amidst the wars of their home countries.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was early June when we entered the country from the northern region in Karonga district. We stayed in the temporally camp for a number of weeks. Then the migration took us in their cars and led us to the central region in the district of Dowa which was near the mighty city of Lilongwe. Dzaleka refugee camp which later became a new home for our family was filled with lots of fellow refugees who had fled from wars, discrimination and other formal of conflicts.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We were given a small place by the UNHCR to build a house. My father together with my mother helped each other to build it. My mother was fetching water and my father was molding the bricks. I and my sister were just playing with the soils and made ourself dirty to an extent that my mother would get angry and blame us for making her tired of washing our difficult to wash clothes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Little by little the house was finished and we started to get used to the new home. I had already made a number of friends. My friends were Gilbert and Gadson and we stayed in the same compound and were schooling in the same JRS primary school called Umodzi Katubza. My mother had already built strong relationships with Gilbert\uc0{\u8217}s and Gadson\uc0{\u8217}s mother. On the other hand, my hard-working papa had already found a best friend and we called him uncle Jame.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Uncle Jame was a married man and had children whom I called cousins. Clementina one of Uncle Jame\uc0{\u8217}s daughters used to take me to their home and made me eat the flied Irish potatoes which in Kinyarwanda are called Ifilitisi mixed with boiled goat meat.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My father together with uncle were holding the rooster\uc0{\u8217}s beaker and adventure to the fields early before everyone. My father was doing this from the first day of the month till the end and even on Christmas. Honestly, we were eating at least once or twice each day. Breakfast was eaten at school where students were receiving porridge.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Each and every Sunday night during the supper. My father would tell us his adventures on our small table in the living room. He was also counting all the money left and gave my mother to keep in case of emergency. Luck enough, my father hard kept lots of money in that way and after two years it was a big amount to start a shop business. That Sunday night, my mother surprised my father with the good news about his growing money and the idea of opening a shop.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I, Agness and my mother were happy but not more than my father who had found a better escape from the hardships of the farming fields. The idea went as smooth as any well prepared and budgeted plan. On the other hand, Uncle Jame had also landed on moon and went as far as opening a big shop in the Lilongwe city and rented a big house there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The fact that my father and his old best friend had been separated did not stop Uncle Jame helping my father with his small shop. The small shop of my father was located inside the market and was surrounded by video show rooms on its left and bars on the right. Its locations made it even easier to gain customers. As things were moving normally, my father brought the idea of selling alcohol in the shop followed by the high demand from the customers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This time around my mother had bought another daughter from the hospital. Her name was Happiness and she resembled me in many things. She loved eating, playing and breaking things. I loved sitting and playing with her. While busy playing with my new sister, my parents agreed in introducing alcohol in our small shop.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That time, the profits were doubled and my father bought a new uniform for me and three bags for me, Agnes and Happiness. We were taking small biscuits to school and everything was fine until my father started tasting the alcohol he was selling.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At first, he was controlling himself but later the habit jumped the fence. He was coming home drunk and at midnight. He was insulting my mother without any reason. Because of sleeping late, he was waking up when the sun was heading for lunch and ended up opening the shop late in the afternoon and work the whole night.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The fact that he was coming home drunk made me happy at first. My father was too generous when drunk. He was giving me and my young sisters plenty of money. I was the talking student at school. While my mother was praying for a change in my father, I was wishing my father a successful bottle adventure.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, my father came drunk as usual and started shouting outside our small house and was insulting our fellow compound people. \uc0{\u8220}Niko na pesa!\uc0{\u8221} He shouted to fellow neighbors meaning that he has money. He entered and continued to insult my mother. This didn\uc0{\u8217}t make me happy at all. \uc0{\u8220}My quite hard-working father was changing\uc0{\u8221} I thought. He slept on the living room with his fingers around his bottle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One early morning, I walked up and find my mother had already prepared the breakfast. \uc0{\u8220}Share with your sisters\uc0{\u8221} My mother said. She was so different. From the time my father had made a relationship with the bottle she never smiled. \uc0{\u8220}Give these to your father\uc0{\u8221} She ended my suspicious. I came close to my sleeping father and greeted him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Mwaramutse Papa\uc0{\u8221} meaning good morning, Papa. He responded with his eyes closed and still holding his favorite stranger. \uc0{\u8220}Papa, ya mandazi\uc0{\u8221} I requested meaning the money of buying doughnuts. As usual he took some money using his left hand and took a number of 200 Malawian Kwacha notes and gave me while still sleeping. Those days one doughnut was 20 Malawian Kwacha.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I then took my sisters to school. In those days, my performance had gone down due to sleeping during lesson times. All this was because of the dramas my favorite hero was performing in the nights. That day, I had failed again my favorite geography subject test. \uc0{\u8220}What\uc0{\u8217}s happening Toyi!\uc0{\u8221} Gilbert asked me. \uc0{\u8220}Yes, something isn\uc0{\u8217}t okay. You are always the highest in most of the subjects but now you aren\uc0{\u8217}t performing well, tell us\uc0{\u8221} Gadson added.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After telling them everything, Gilbert and Gadson advised me to have a family talk with my father. \uc0{\u8220}Its easier said than done\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} I responded. \uc0{\u8220}You are right, but remember parents take pleasure in honest lips and they value the one who speaks what is right.\uc0{\u8221} Gilbert encouraged me again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That day, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t go out for break nor used the money. After knocking off I went direct to see my papa in our best-selling shop. Upon reaching, I found out that my father was selling while drunk and some selfish customers were just using that advantage to order many things and go without paying. One lady, a friend of my mother noticed me and advised me to close the shop and take him home before our small shop would deplete completely. As the only father\uc0{\u8217}s boy, I had to close the shop in day time and took my father by hand. The other drunkards and greedy customers yelled at me and insulted me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Upon reaching home, I found my mother sitting on the verandah of our small house washing the plates which my younger sisters had used for lunch. My father was speechless and he followed me quietly. He entered in the house while holding his bottle which even broke my mother\uc0{\u8217}s heart.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Hold on\uc0{\u8221} My mother stopped me when I tried to follow my dad with a disappointed face. \uc0{\u8220}What is happening?\uc0{\u8221} She asked me. I then explained all that I saw from our small shop and the yelling of the selfish drunkards. \uc0{\u8220}We have to talk to him, mama!\uc0{\u8221} I requested and cried bitterly. \uc0{\u8220}Let\uc0{\u8217}s give him some time to rest. Do you have the shop keys?\uc0{\u8221} She asked. \uc0{\u8220}Yes\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Keep them far\uc0{\u8221} She advised.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Later that day, my mother sent me on an errand to buy some onions from the market. Upon crossing the road, some of my fellow football friends started to laugh at me. \uc0{\u8220}Mtoto wa pombe\uc0{\u8221} They shouted at me meaning }{\cf0\f0\i son of beer. }{\cf0\f0 I fastened my steps and buy the onions and used another way home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I explained what happened to my mother and she said \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry, everything will be okay\uc0{\u8221}. I helped her cutting the onions while my younger sisters were busy playing. Exactly the time, I had placed the food on the table my father walked up and joined us. He was sober and had a down face.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While eating, I begun the talk. \uc0{\u8220}Papa, why are you always drunk?\uc0{\u8221} I asked. He went silent and continued chewing his portion. \uc0{\u8220}Answer your son\uc0{\u8221} My mother intruded. \uc0{\u8220}Papa, when you are drunk you shout and I never sleep. Now look at my performance. I am always sleeping in class.\uc0{\u8221} I complained while showing my prepared books which were under the eating table.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He then went silent again and chewed his portion. My younger sisters were busy snatching each other\uc0{\u8217}s spoons. \uc0{\u8220}Papa Toyi! Hano ni mumahanga\uc0{\u8221} my mother interrupted and went silent meaning here is away from home. \uc0{\u8220}Must the shop and your new familiar stranger destroys our children future?\uc0{\u8221} She asked but my dad didn\uc0{\u8217}t answer. \uc0{\u8220}What if you get robbed and injured over your radio voice?\uc0{\u8221} She asked again and my hero did not respond. \uc0{\u8220}What if you get sick and die. What will happen to these children of yours?\uc0{\u8217} She asked again and there was no answer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Papa Toyi! Pap Toyi! I am begging please change!\uc0{\u8221} My mother requested while crying. After finishing the supper, I took my sisters and slept together in that silent night and my dad because of being shy, he slept on the living room alone without his bottle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next day, he spent the whole day home and a way from his bottle. The other day, he asked for keys and I gave him. Lucky us, when he came sober and told us the good news that our small shop had been robbed that previous night. We no longer had a shop. But we had our Papa back. He resumed his field works and I used to escort him during the weekends. My father didn\uc0{\u8217}t hold a single alcohol bottle since that day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We stayed happier, healthier and wiser away from bottles. With the blessings of God, my mother bought other three more children. A girl who was named Uwinneza, a boy Promise and the younger one was Ivan a boy as well. Now my father became the hero I admired. He was always going through my notes and helped me in my homework. We were also going to church together on Sundays. From then, I understood the reason why many refugees claimed Malawi yabwino.}}\par
\sect
}