{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy23\hr17\min21\sec07}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy23\hr17\min21\sec07}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Boy inspired by sister\uc0{\u8217}s Death}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My name is Hatanga, I had a younger sibling named Liliane who was a special person to me and my family. Liliane and I were very close and shared a special bond. We would spend hours playing together, talking about our dreams and aspirations for the future.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, Liliane suddenly fell ill and was rushed to the hospital. My parents and I were devastated when we found out that Lily had a rare and aggressive form of cancer. Despite the best efforts of the doctors, Lily passed away after a few months.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was heartbroken by the loss of my sister and struggled to come to terms with the fact that she was gone. I started to withdraw from my friends and family, and my grades began to suffer at school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However, as time passed, I started to find a new sense of purpose. I realized that I wanted to become a doctor so that I could help people like my sister who were suffering from serious illnesses. I started to throw myself into studies, spending hours each day reading medical books and researching treatments for different diseases.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My parents were thrilled to see their son\uc0{\u8217}s newfound passion, and they encouraged me to pursue my dream. I worked hard throughout high school and was accepted into a prestigious medical program at a top university.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite the challenges of medical school, I remained focused on my goal. I was determined to become a doctor who could make a real difference in people\uc0{\u8217}s lives. I worked tirelessly, spending long hours in the library and at the hospital, gaining valuable experience and knowledge.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Finally, after many years of hard work, I graduated from medical school with top honors. I went on to complete my residency and eventually became a successful doctor, helping countless patients to overcome their illnesses.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Throughout my career, I never forgot the inspiration that had led me down this path. I always remember my sister Liliane and the impact that her illness and death had on my life. I know that I am making a difference in the world, and I am grateful for the opportunity to honor my sister\uc0{\u8217}s memory by helping others in need.}}\par
\sect
}