{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy31\hr10\min09\sec06}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy31\hr10\min09\sec06}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kabul\uc0{\u8217}s streets bustled with life, the scent of cardamom and saffron wafting through the air. My gaze settled on a narrow alley where a group of boys were engrossed in *gudiparan bazi*, the traditional Afghan kite-flying game.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Among them was Amir, a wiry boy with bright eyes and a determined look. His kite, crafted from colorful tissue paper and bamboo, soared gracefully against the deep blue sky. Amir\uc0{\u8217}s hands were steady on the string, his eyes fixed on his kite as he maneuvered it with skill and precision.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The boys shouted and laughed, their voices echoing off the old stone walls. Amir\uc0{\u8217}s kite dipped and darted, engaging in aerial duels with the other kites. With a deft flick of his wrist, he cut the string of a rival kite. The boys cheered as the vanquished kite fluttered away on the breeze.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In that alley, amidst the backdrop of a city scarred by years of conflict, these children found a slice of freedom and joy. Amir\uc0{\u8217}s face lit up with a triumphant grin, his laughter infectious. His kite soared higher, a symbol of resilience and hope.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the sun began to set, casting a warm glow over Kabul, I watched the boys chase after the fallen kites, their laughter a poignant reminder of the enduring spirit of Afghan children. Amir\uc0{\u8217}s kite remained aloft, a testament to the unbreakable will of a new generation.}}\par
\sect
}