{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo12\dy17\hr13\min50\sec09}{\revtim \yr2022\mo12\dy17\hr13\min50\sec09}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Broken Emotions }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Samuel Majok was my class teacher in grade 6. He was 46 years old. I was 13 years by then. Here in Kakuma Refugee camp as a refugee. I fled my home country Congo because of war. In grade 6, my class teacher Samuel Majok was my best teacher in the entire school. He was like a father to me. In school, we used to drink porridge during break time provided by World Food Program (WFP). The porridge was not having sugar in it. Mr. Samuel used to buy for my friends and I sugar to put in the porridge. Sometimes he used to give me money to buy pancakes as escort. He was loved and admired by many pupils in school. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He used to teach us mathematics and science. I was so poor in mathematics therefore he offered to be offering me tuition sessions after classes. Whenever i came across hard questions in mathematics i used to approach him and he could freely sacrifice his time to help. We got along so well. She called my mother in school and talked to her about him taking care of me in school. He told my mother not to worry about anything related to school related issues. He promised her that he will ensure i perform well and also be a well disciplined girl in the entire school. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother really believed in him and left me in his care. Day by day our relationship was getting stronger. I had never gotten a chance to experience fatherly love, but i quite got it from him. I felt loved, protected and safe just like i could feel from my biological father whom i never got the chance to live with. This is because i was a result of the rape my mother experienced back in our home country Congo. My pupils became so jealous but i didn\uc0{\u8217}t care at all. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, he asked me to come to school on Saturday. It was on a Friday. He said there are some important things he would like to teach me. When i went home, i told my mother about it. She allowed me to go and even insisted that i should not miss. On Saturday, I woke very early in the morning. Prepared myself and went to school to meet my beloved teacher. When i reached to school, he called me inside the staff room. It was on a Saturday. There were neither pupils nor teachers in school. I entered in the staff room. He told me close the door. I closed the door. Mr. Samuel told me to sit down. The chair was close to his so i sat closer to him. He opened the book which was on the table. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After some minutes, Mr. Samuel started putting his hands on my thighs. I was so shocked and looked at him. He then removed his hands. After some minutes again, he brought his hands to my thighs again. This time he was moving it around my body. I stood up and asked him what he is doing. He stood up too and said, \uc0{\u8220}relax let me touch you and make you feel good.\uc0{\u8221} I was left in suspense with my mouth wide open. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe those words came from his mouth. It seemed like i was dreaming. I told him i want to go home. I started walking towards the door. He held my shoulders and pulled me back. Then held me close to his body tightly. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 I forced myself out but he was stronger than me. I screamed so loud but he didn\uc0{\u8217}t let me go. He was hurting me and touching my body inappropriately. I screamed for help but no one was in the school to help. I felt like my world was crashing right beneath my eyes. I had to bite his arm. He left me and i had to open the door and run out of the room crying. I ran from school to home. I met my mother washing clothes. She heard my voice from distance and came. She threw the clothe that she was supposed to put on a hanger. I cane running while crying towards her. She asked me what the problem is and i narrated the whole story to her. She broke down in tears. She felt betrayed and also guilty that she contributed to all my broken emotions. She saw the bruises on my body and cried. She held my hand and we went to child protection unit to file a complaint against Samuel. Samuel was later arrested and taken to court but ever since that day, I haven\uc0{\u8217}t been the same person again. All i had were broken emotions. }\par
\sect
}