{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy20\hr15\min17\sec34}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy20\hr15\min17\sec34}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 The curtain at the entrance of the tent was blown up and down by the wind. I was staring at the overflowing trash bins that were lined up in front of the fences while hearing different dialects and accents. The pleasant laughter of my 11-month-old nephews, Daniel and Hosna, broke my train of thought. They were crawling on the rough floor of the tent, and stones even could be felt under the thickness of the shoes\uc0{\u8217} soles. The presence of these two little angels made me suffer even more. Do these two kids or the other children who are here, deserve this life? Did these children walk this difficult path through seas and mountains with their families in the search of safe shelter and education to reach this condition? I have no answer.The photo gallery of my mobile, which brought back 901 memories none of which were captured here, took me to the not-so-distant days. It was the only thing that could calm me down. I took a deep breath. I wished I could turn our lives back to twenty days ago with the press of a button. Like every morning, I used to wake up in the hope of going to the dental practice where I was an assistant. I took a shower and had a quick breakfast. My brother, Ayoub, used to take me to the metro station on his motorcycle because women were not allowed to ride a bike or motorcycle on their own. In split second, I revised all the good moments of my life that I left behind. Then, I noticed the presence of my brothers Ayoub, Qasim, Rahim and Karim. My sister Shafi, who was lying down, got up quickly and asked: \uc0{\u8220}Did you find out anything? How can we get out of here?\uc0{\u8221} Rahim with his habitual sneer, bitterly answered: \uc0{\u8220}Hey, it won\uc0{\u8217}t happen anytime soon, we just arrived yesterday and the thousands of people you see here, all want to leave. Unfortunately, this place is like a swamp where everyone gets stuck.\uc0{\u8221} Every time that the issue of going to Greece came up, I trembled because I had never heard anything good about any migrant who had passed through. I asked: \uc0{\u8220}What do you mean by \uc0{\u8216}anytime soon?\uc0{\u8221} Qasim that saw our anxiety, said: \uc0{\u8220}Why are you making such a big deal out of\uc0{\u160}it? We just have to go to the interview and see if we will be accepted or not. We just have to present a good case to be accepted.\uc0{\u8221} The interview was something unfamiliar to me, something that I only have seen on TV, but acceptance is a familiar concept: You take an exam, like the ones you take at school at the end of every year, and then you get accepted. Adele, my younger sister said: \uc0{\u8220}Ayoub! Didn't Mehdi say that they won't keep us here for more than a month and they will send us wherever we want?\uc0{\u8221} Ayoub answered: \uc0{\u8220}You thought that you can count on the word of a human trafficker? He just wanted to transmit his passengers. He doesn't care about the rest. Yes, in 2015 the rules were such that after a month people could be sent to any country that they hoped, but then the influx of migrants changed the rules.\uc0{\u8221} My mum intervened: \uc0{\u8220}God may not forgive them! Now that you can't do anything anymore, at least go to the food line otherwise it\uc0{\u8217}s going to get too crowded. This place is Moria Camp, which is hidden in the heart of the beautiful nature of Lesvos, far from everything, surrounded by high fences, where everything is limited, twelve bathrooms, forty toilets and thousands of tents and cabins overflowed with awaiting immigrants. Where there is no sign of hygiene and health. Yet, a few steps away from Moria Camp, other people enjoy nature and the blue sea of Lesvos in their luxurious villas. We all live in one world, though one lives a life of a real human being with facilities and health, and the other, like primitives, without basic needs.\uc0{\u160}}\par
\sect
}