{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy04\hr01\min16\sec25}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy04\hr01\min16\sec25}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Bullets to our hopes}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a Friday afternoon. The dorm was quiet as everyone was studying for their final exams for the coming week. I was in my room reading my exam for \uc0{\u8220}Modern Physics\uc0{\u8221} the next day. A knock on the door and Marjan opened the door, disturbed and shocked. \uc0{\u8221}Ansar Hizbollah has invaded the campus of Tehran University and killed students by throwing them from the top of the building,\uc0{\u8221} she said, panting and shaking. I immediately remembered that the students had been holding a sit-in to protest the closure of the newspaper Salam. This must be a reaction to that, I thought. Ansar Hizbollah frequently attacked reformist newspapers and protests, including women\uc0{\u8217}s protests, but invading the campus and killing random students\uc0{\u8212}whether sleeping or studying for exams\uc0{\u8212}was extraordinary and unbelievable.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}We must do something,\uc0{\u8221} said Narges, another dormmate. Although we hadn\uc0{\u8217}t yet grasped the full extent of the tragedy, we initially decided to cancel our final exams in solidarity with the affected students and to encourage more students to join us in supporting them. We organized a group to visit all the departments one by one and asked the faculties to cancel and postpone the exams. Then we headed to the campus. Our campus was in the eastern part of Tehran, while Tehran University was downtown.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When we arrived at the dorm, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe what I saw with my own eyes. Blood stained the walls, computers, desks, and beds, and everything was broken and torn apart. Wounded students, in shock and disbeleif, couldn\uc0{\u8217}t comprehend what had happened to them or why. It looked like the police had attacked dangerous mafia drug dealers. As we passed through the rooms, I wondered about these students from all around the country who had studied hard for years to get into this oldest and most prestigious university, aiming to build a future for themselves and the nation, only to be treated like this.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Khatami had well said it was revenge for his serious attempt against the serial murder of intellectuals. The pressure group wanted to create consecutive crises to paralyze the new government and slow down the reformist actions. That was the message the headliners aimed to send, and that was why we were there. We couldn\uc0{\u8217}t let them win, not this time, not again, not after twenty million votes for reform.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was hot in July. Students from other universities in Tehran joined one after another to support Tehran University students. We sat on the heated asphalt, and students took turns speaking to the crowd. Angrily, we shouted that Moein, the Minister of Higher Education at the time, should resign. He never did.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After three days of sit-in, there was no clear answer from the authorities, no resignation. The representative committee of the protesting students was told to end the sit-in. How could we do that? None of our demands were met, and more students got arrested and killed. \uc0{\u8221}We stay! Do whatever you want,\uc0{\u8221} we declared. The last hours on campus were unforgettable: tear gas was everywhere, and we used our damp scarves to protect ourselves. We were threatened and told that whatever happened to us would be our fault if we didn\uc0{\u8217}t end the sit-in and leave the campus immediately. I told my friend Zahra, \uc0{\u8221}Let\uc0{\u8217}s at least be the last ones to leave the campus.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Eventually, we left the campus in utmost anger, despair, frustration, humiliation, and a feeling of being despised. Yes, again, they had won and pushed us back. Ironically, the campus street was named \uc0{\u8221}Revolution,\uc0{\u8221} and it was the same place that had been the focal point of the 1979 revolution, which was hoped to bring Iranian people freedom and dignity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All universities in Tehran were ordered to vacate the dorms so the authorities could control the city and overcome the situation. Forcibly expelled from the dormitory, we collected the pieces of our wounded souls and headed to our hometowns in all corners of the country to spend that bloody summer with the inner pain from what we had witnessed, the bloody memories we would never forget.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}