{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy20\hr17\min11\sec06}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy20\hr17\min11\sec06}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8220}Is she breathing? Is she alive?\uc0{\u8221} I heard a voice ask.I try to get up but my body fails to move, \uc0{\u8220}Am I dead?\uc0{\u8221} I try to speak but I can\uc0{\u8217}t, if I were dead I probably wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t be speaking in my mind ,would I ? I thought to myself while freaking out. \uc0{\u8220}What\uc0{\u8217}s going on? Why can\uc0{\u8217}t they hear me? Why can\uc0{\u8217}t I move a muscle ?\uc0{\u8221} I\uc0{\u8217}m screaming out and calling out to you, please hear me,I sob from within ,fighting with everything in me to open my eyes but nothing seems to work at this point\uc0{\u8230} no matter how hard I try, it\uc0{\u8217}s like a mosquito trying to lift a saucepan . Stiff I was as a corpse but aware of my surrounding.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I hear a soft sob, a gentle touch on my cheeks, a tear drop to my face ,that perfume was very familiar \uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}I am here my child, can you please give me a sign that you are still in there ? Please show me a sign, anything my love.\uc0{\u8221} I could hear the pain in her voice, the tremble in her delicate fingers on my face as she breaks with each word she says. \uc0{\u8220}Mama\uc0{\u8221} I scream, \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m here Mama,I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what\uc0{\u8217}s going on,I\uc0{\u8217}m so scared help me Mama\uc0{\u8230}I am here\uc0{\u8221} I sob with frustration within me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} Come let\uc0{\u8217}s go and let the doctors do their job.\uc0{\u8221} I hear another voice say to Mama. With so much panic and fear ,pushing my body so hard to fight the cage of my mind, I cry \uc0{\u8220} No Mama ,please don\uc0{\u8217}t leave me here alone, I\uc0{\u8217}m scared and cold Mama\uc0{\u8221} Her fragile hands slowly lifting from my cheeks, the shadow that she was unsteadily drifting away from my shut eyes, trembling \uc0{\u8220}I love you my child,I know you can fight this, come back to me \uc0{\u8230}Mama is always going to be here waiting for you to come back to her, you are my joy ,my little fighter \uc0{\u8230}I\uc0{\u8217}m sorry that you have to go through this.\uc0{\u8221} She says to me ,I feel the warmest feeling ,the touch of her luscious soft lips on my forehead and a whisper to my ears \uc0{\u8220} come home to me\uc0{\u8221} as she moves away .}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A prick to my arm, a sudden cold and now I\uc0{\u8217}m unaware of my surrounding but still in the cage of my mind\uc0{\u8230}I had created a safe space for myself in my head, a place where I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t going to get hurt, a cage that protected me from the outside reality of being a refugee and living in this camp, the scary reality of my life made my build this cage around me because I thought I had nothing to live for but Mama was my home and I realized that home wasn\uc0{\u8217}t a place but rather a person, I knew I had to fight to get out of this cage that I had created in my mind.}}\par
\sect
}