{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy19\hr17\min25\sec43}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy19\hr17\min25\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Can I write you? Because you are a book,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 not a book in a state library,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But one on a wooden shelf in a far-flung village bookstore.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I must turn your pages with caution,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 they might crumble under the weight of touch.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Can I write you? Because you should be read.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You are a story that reminds the world to breathe,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 a tale once narrated by an old woman,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 unique, rare, beautiful and sad as a sunset.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Can I write you? Because you should be seen,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Those eyes should be stared at, they melt the war in a dream,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 your kindness blooms like a flower from the gun}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 of a solider and shames the man,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 opening like the white flag of peace engulfed in blood}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hope sprouts anew in you, and the world comes into question.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But can I write you? Because you are narcissus to winter,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Loyal, but not the sort of loyalty man is used to}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You are the pure, innocent, and extinct form,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 that hugs the wound and never screams.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Can I write you? Because you are beautifully broken,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Like that unique art in the biggest museum,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 bearing the pain of falling apart and the heaviness of strangers\uc0{\u8217} gazes,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But I wonder which is heavier:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The grief that webbed your surface or the scrutiny to which you can\uc0{\u8217}t relate?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Like a shattered soul sewing her tears}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The needle is sharp,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But with each stitch you try to smile.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Can I write you? Because you have what I lack,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The courage to love a ruined homeland,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The patience of a breeze in a battleground.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Can I write you? Because you are a poem,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The kind we get addicted to,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The kind I would translate in any form,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And ask you to cry, to scream, to shout,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 but silence thickens your book}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 with empty pages listening to your words.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Therefore, can I write you?}}\par
\sect
}