{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy16\hr16\min36\sec22}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy16\hr16\min36\sec22}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I attended the Henry Viscardi School from second grade until I graduated high school. Like the name implies Dr. Viscardi was also a human being and what a human being he was! He was the head of the complex that included the school from its founding in 1952 until he retired in 1981. He decided that he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t retire fully -remaining on the board of directors he would keep the access he always had to the school so he could inspire the students. So, during special assemblies when I was in elementary school, he would tell us different experiences he had in his life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At almost every assembly that I can remember from elementary through high school he would tell one particular story: In his early childhood he lived in a hospital in New York City. The reason he was in this place that he didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to be was that he was born without fully formed legs. There was nothing below his knees. When he was 27, he was visited by a man named Dr. Yanover, who eventually told him after many examinations by many different doctors and craftspeople that he finally found a man to make him artificial limbs. On the day the artificial limbs finally fit Dr. Viscardi cried with joy. When he asked Dr. Yanover how he could repay him for this unbelievable thing he had done for him Dr. Yanover replied: \uc0{\u8221}The only payment that\uc0{\u8217}s required is for you to try and make a difference for another disabled person.\uc0{\u8221} This story made me look up to Dr. Viscardi that much more. I was amazed with all of his accomplishments even when I was in grade school. He was an advisor to every US president from FDR through Jimmy Carter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dr. Viscardi\uc0{\u8217}s daughter, Nina, was my art teacher in grade school. I learned a lot from her. Not only about her father but also how to live with a disability even though she herself was able-bodied. Unfortunately, she was only my teacher for a few years before she moved to Connecticut. I got to see her through the years at special school functions and I still see her today because she is on the board of directors and I remain active in the alumni association.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dr. Viscardi was also Catholic which is another similarity I share with him. In the lobby of my elementary school there was a statue of Jesus on crutches being helped by a little girl who may or may not be disabled herself. I walked by this sculpture almost every day as a young child not really registering what it was. One day when I was older, about 15 or so, I was rolling out of the lobby with my mother when she brought me over to the sculpture and actually had me look closer at what it was. I\uc0{\u8217}ve got to think that God was using my mother and the sculpture as an instrument whose impact I would realize later.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I was a senior, shortly before my class graduated, Dr. Viscardi had us all to his office as he did for all the senior classes. He was wearing his green sweater that he wore to all the school events with his iconic red bowtie. I remember his shirt was blue on this particular day and there was a smile on his face as he took us around the room and showed us most of his awards and other memories he had collected throughout the years. I don\uc0{\u8217}t remember exactly what he said that day, I think I was too in awe and trying to catch every word because we didn\uc0{\u8217}t have this opportunity too often and we were told that it might be one of the last times he would be able to do this as he was getting very old and his health wasn\uc0{\u8217}t what it used to be. I remember he told some of the stories he always did but went more in depth in each one. He gave us great advice on what we should do after we graduated but mostly, he just listened to us as we individually told him our hopes and dreams for after graduation. Most of all I remember he was always supportive and full of joy. I try to emulate him every day in this regard. Dr. Viscardi passed away in 2004. I was out of the school by then but we had remained a tight knit community and we were all greatly saddened by his passing. I think it brought us all closer together as a community that now was given the chance to carry on Dr. Viscardi\uc0{\u8217}s legacy. One of his main ideas was that all disabled people are extraordinary people seeking ordinary destinies. This has a lot to do with my self-esteem as an individual.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In high school, Mr. Duerr, who was also disabled, was my guidance counselor. He was so kind, me and my other friends would go to his office regularly -separately and together- and he would listen to our problems for 45 minutes at a time and never showed that he was getting tired. Sometimes we were there for legitimate reasons and other times just to vent our teenage angst about the world. I appreciated that Mr. Duerr only told my parents things about my school work or official records but never the things that I shared with him about my feelings or emotional state. Every time I saw him, he was wearing almost the same outfit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One particular outfit I remember was a blue shirt with suspenders and beige khaki pants. His clothes always had something bulky underneath them but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t think anything of this because going to HVS every day I was used to people with unusual body types or wearing certain clothing for their medical needs. When I could, I would always go to his office just to say hello. One afternoon I went to his office and the sun was shining in his window. I remember that I came into his office and we were filling out some sort of form \uc0{\u8211} it may have been my college letters of recommendation but I don\uc0{\u8217}t really remember; I was facing the door and as I was preparing to go, I mentioned that I had found this great place. I had joined my church youth group. He said \uc0{\u8221}That\uc0{\u8217}s great Drew! I\uc0{\u8217}m active in my church as well.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}Oh really,\uc0{\u8221} I responded, \uc0{\u8221}which one?\uc0{\u8221} He replied it was in Williston Park and that was it. I left not thinking much of this event. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t realize that it would come back to me almost 12 years later when Mr. Duerr passed away. I was reading his obituary and I discovered to my surprise that he was a Roman Catholic brother. The reason that his clothes were bulky was that he always wore his monk\uc0{\u8217}s robes under his street clothes. At this point I was almost an expert on my religion and this had a great impact on me because I felt that even though I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know where I would go later God was again putting examples into my life. I knew I could look back to these moments when I needed Mr. Duerr\uc0{\u8217}s patience or understanding either in a stressful situation or when counseling somebody else about a stressful situation. To me this shows how humble and full of love he was.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We decided as a class to put a section in my valedictorian speech specifically thanking Mr. Duerr. He and Dr. Viscardi were the only people my class decided to single out. Dr. Viscardi and Mr. Duerr showed me what selfless love truly is. Dr. Viscardi would end every speech he ever gave with the sign for \uc0{\u8221}I love you\uc0{\u8221} in sign language. He couldn\uc0{\u8217}t say it because HVS was a secular institution but if he could I believe he would say that he loves us the way Jesus does.}}\par
\sect
}