{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo12\dy17\hr13\min48\sec56}{\revtim \yr2022\mo12\dy17\hr13\min48\sec56}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gemy\uc0{\u8217}s morning gets busy instantly \uc0{\u8211} actually. LOL \uc0{\u8211} he types back, laughing with Mildred via WhatsApp when he climbs into Bus100 to downtown Boston. Mildred is the picture-less girl in Los Angeles \uc0{\u8211} so thinks Gemy. Mildred mistook Gemy\uc0{\u8217}s Tinder search for a wife with scams run by some Zimbabwe citizens in California who fly to New York to pay for fake Green Card marriages and hope for the absolute best luck.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}$24,000. 2 instalments. 2 years is going rate,\uc0{\u8221} Mildred types back on WhatsApp stating the price for a fake Green Card marriage.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gemy pauses, his fingers frozen across his iPhone\uc0{\u8217}s screen. Soon he deletes Mildred\uc0{\u8217}s message, and tiptoes into Intercolli Factory, his workplace. As soon as Gemy enters the factory floor, he dozes beside the Gerber Paragon fabrics-cutter machine and dream of masturbation avidly at work, when he shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t as he is, until Lourna, the Intercolli Factory manager asks for a calculator, \uc0{\u8220}You have your iPhone with you?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Asking me the hoi polloi?, Gemy thinks.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That his wealthy factory manageress asked him for an iPhone calculator pleases Gemy so much until 3:30pm when the factory closure bell rings and he bumbles his way home. He then wanders, walking in a zigzag manner until he slips unaware into La Source shop at St. Hubert Mall. He buys an iPad Pro 7 \uc0{\u8211} the first in his life \uc0{\u8211} and pay $500 cash on the spot. Whilst he waits upon Bus 73 to return home, he loiter around a T-Mobile phone booth and inquire of a $600 iPad.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You deserve a phone plan and $100 Chinese tablet,\uc0{\u8221} the salesman sneers at Gemy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}$100 Chinese phone won\uc0{\u8217}t do me good,\uc0{\u8221} Gemy says.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The salesman grins, \uc0{\u8220}I see\uc0{\u8230}your face is not from here. I Pads\uc0{\u8230}?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When he gets home, Gemy can hardly sleep through the Boston cold tonight thoroughly humiliated from a $600 iPad inquiry. He bought an iPad Pro7 so that could masturbate on X porn app without Dr. Beatrice his Facebook fiancee noticing his iPhone \uc0{\u769}s WhatsApp \uc0{\u8220}online\uc0{\u8221} status. Trouble is: the new iPad is too hefty to balance by left hand while the right hand screws Gemy\uc0{\u8217}s balls. The seesaw only ends when Dr. Beatrice types first.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The council will not license me till I finish the logbook,\uc0{\u8221} her text blazes across Gemy\uc0{\u8217}s iPhone on ejaculating.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gemy loosens his grip on his balls on hearing this and types back fast, \uc0{\u8220}Terrific babes, if you fail?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The hospital is not going to renew my contract,\uc0{\u8221} types back on Whatsapp Dr. Beatrice. \uc0{\u8220}I \uc0{\u769}m gonna fight to finish. 1 caesarian daily next week\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Tight babes,\uc0{\u8221} Gemy types back.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Got 4 live birth ops. 6 to go,\uc0{\u8221} types Dr. Beatrice. \uc0{\u8220}Hope tonight I get 2. The specialist tonight loves to cut\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gemy is furious of Dr. Beatrice WhatsApp love. He has ends up under-using his expensive Jean Coutou brand pharmacy condoms each time her WhatsApp texts disrupts his session of masturbation. Gemy dreams of kicking into his bedroom window panes. He almost plunges a foot, stops and fall back on \uc0{\u8211} masturbation. Masturbation and asylum are harmless art even though his own masturbation fills him with guilty; how he treated my father in Zimbabwe, in 2007.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ten years after his death, Gemy still dreads to read the contents of his Father \uc0{\u769}s death certificate. He remembers his Father\uc0{\u180}s very public shingles (Herpes); seeing him waste with blisters at 63, the results of his runaway sex rumours after Gemy\uc0{\u8217}s mother\uc0{\u8217}s death in 2001. In 2005, he tussled with him: \uc0{\u8220}Mum is dead in four years and you\uc0{\u8217}re loving sex again?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I tortured Father, Gemy anguishes in his thoughts. Just a year in Boston, I, his son, am masturbating furiously \uc0{\u8211} once by right hand in the morning, twice by left at night, he curses.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the night Father\uc0{\u180}s coffin arrived from the funeral parlour (27 December 2007) Gemy took a secret haircut in a barbershop. \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s the old man\uc0{\u8217}s remains arriving,\uc0{\u8221} Gemy remembers the young barber gossiping in 2007. Gemy fixed his head under the barber\uc0{\u8217}s scissors, pretending not to be the deceased\uc0{\u8217}s son and listened in. The young barber waffled on, \uc0{\u8220}The old man had giant shingles on his cheeks. AIDS sign.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The morning of the burial, the Methodist church minister lied to mourners at Father\uc0{\u8217}s graveside, \uc0{\u8220}Blood Pressure. Our dear old man died of BP.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However, the intern doctor was straightforward, Gemy\uc0{\u8217}s sisters told him. He scribbled on Father \uc0{\u769}s death certificate: Cause of death \uc0{\u8211} Immunity suppressant virus.}}\par
\sect
}