{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy24\hr18\min52\sec54}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy24\hr18\min52\sec54}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This year in January, my sister Sylvane was on her way to Lilongwe for an interview and somewhere after Zalewa Trading Centre, she had an accident. Her tyre burst, causing the car to swerve, and she managed to park on the roadside. Immediately, a woman appeared out of nowhere and said, \uc0{\u8221}You are a lucky young woman. Don\uc0{\u8217}t proceed with the trip but don\uc0{\u8217}t go to your house.\uc0{\u8221} Sylvane found it very strange because the woman was laughing when she said it. Her thoughts were disturbed by this encounter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite the woman\uc0{\u8217}s warning, Sylvane decided to proceed with the trip after changing the tyre. However, just seven kilometres later, the replacement tyre burst. The same woman appeared again and said, \uc0{\u8221}Kiddo, I think you are stubborn, right?\uc0{\u8221} Sylvane screamed, and the woman disappeared. People who saw her thought she was crazy because they claimed there was no woman there. Terrified, Sylvane decided to call our aunt.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our aunt advised her to go straight to her house in Ntcheu. At the time, Sylvane was living in Chileka. Our aunt called a man of God who prayed with her but also suggested seeking an opinion from a witchdoctor. The next day, they went to Mulanje to meet a witchdoctor. Surprisingly, he said there was no interview in Lilongwe. He told her to verify this with the company that had supposedly called her for the interview.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The witchdoctor revealed that Sylvane\uc0{\u8217}s ex-boyfriend and his mother and brother wanted her dead to take over what she had because they were close to her. My sister was confused as to why a man she had a child with would want her dead. According to the witchdoctor, the man never loved her and had fed her juju to make her want to marry him. The plan was for her to die in an accident, but the woman who appeared was our late grandmother, who died when my sister was young. Upon reflection, Sylvane began to see the resemblance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The witchdoctor instructed Sylvane to shake the ex-boyfriend\uc0{\u8217}s hand with some powder and verify if the company had really called her for an interview. When she called a friend to check, he confirmed that the company had not even called people for interviews yet and she wasn\uc0{\u8217}t shortlisted. Only her ex-boyfriend knew she had applied for that job. Sylvane realized she wasn\uc0{\u8217}t supposed to make it to Lilongwe because of her ex-boyfriend\uc0{\u8217}s plans to harm her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sister told me to go escort her home. When we saw him that other day at home, he panicked and acted erratically. Sylvane shook his hand with the powder, and he collapsed. She believes that God and her kindness saved her. Everything that happened was like I was dreaming, I never believed that movie scenarios can happen in reality.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As time went on, his condition got worse. People in the community started talking about his strange behavior. Some thought he was possessed, while others believed he was being punished for his bad actions. His mother, feeling desperate and guilty, told some villagers about their plan against Sylvane. This made the community turn against them, and they were rejected.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A religious man who had prayed for my sister suggested her ex-boyfriend needed a cleansing ritual to get rid of the evil he had brought upon himself. Although his family resisted at first, they eventually agreed and sought help from both traditional healers and religious leaders. Her ex admitted his wrongdoings to Sylvane and asked for her forgiveness. My sister forgave him but decided to cut ties to protect herself and her child.}}\par
\sect
}