{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy22\hr16\min50\sec12}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy22\hr16\min50\sec12}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Childhood Reminiscences}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By Sadock Mahuku}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I can recall my early years, when I used to go swimming in the neighboring rivers and dams on the days I had off from primary school. My favorite season was the chilly dry one, and I loved to spend hours swimming around in the cool water with my buddies while completely losing sight of time. The only restriction was my imagination during this time of play, freedom, and exploration.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My parents, though, weren\uc0{\u8217}t always happy with my swimming practices. They would berate me every time I returned home for having a pale complexion and chapped lips. I had problems keeping out of trouble with them until I discovered a trick. I started bringing body lotion to the river and applying it to my skin before getting out. I appeared completely healthy as a result when I got home, and my parents had no idea.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Even though I adored swimming, there was more to my upbringing than that. My peers would be perplexed as to how I managed to pass with excellent scores despite occasionally skipping class to go swimming. The trick was that I regularly read in a shaded area near a tree near the river while enjoying a cool breeze with my exercise books. I cherished the tranquil and enjoyable experience.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My father always made sure that I read for at least an hour before going to sleep at night. He threatened to catch me on the weekend if I didn\uc0{\u8217}t read and made me read for almost six hours of the day. At the time, I found it to be a bit annoying, but today I realize that he was doing it all for my future. Reading not only helped me academically but also opened up new worlds and perspectives for me. It allowed me to imagine and dream, and it helped me develop a love for learning that I still carry with me to this day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Temperatures in Malawi during the cool dry season range from 15 to 27 degrees Celsius, making it a unique time. Swimming is one of the most well-liked outdoor sports because of the clear, beautiful skies and comfortable weather. Yet other seasons have a special place in my heart beside the cool, dry season. From October to December, there is a hot, dry season, which was a period of exploration and adventure. Even though it may get up to 35 degrees Celsius during this time of year, we continued to explore the nearby hills and mountains.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 January to March is the rainy season, which was a time of change. The rivers and dams that we used to bathe in would reopen, and the arid terrain would transform into verdant vegetation. Agriculture took place throughout the rainy season, and it was always fascinating to watch the crops grow from seedlings to harvest.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Thinking back, I cherish those days spent swimming, reading, and experiencing the various seasons. They were peaceful, serene times that gave me the chance to regroup and refresh, and they had a big impact on the person I am now.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My early years were, in some ways, the ideal synthesis of quiet times of introspection and having a good time with friends. I\uc0{\u8217}m thankful for the memories and lessons it gave me since this balance has served me well throughout my life. And I wish that a visitor to Malawi can one day share my excitement and wonder in the country.}}\par
\sect
}