{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy10\hr18\min04\sec09}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy10\hr18\min04\sec09}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Choices in the Dust}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the shadow of the mountains, where the winds weave tales,Lies a world of tattered tents and dreams that seldom sail.In this refugee camp, where hope and fear entwine,Choices are like whispers, on the edge of a thin line.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Should we stay or leave?\uc0{\u8221} the mother asks in quiet dread,Her eyes scanned horizons, her children by her side.\uc0{\u8220}They say there\uc0{\u8217}s danger, but the promise of a better place\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8221}Her voice falters, the choice heavy on her face.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Beneath the canvas sky, where the sun\uc0{\u8217}s harsh rays beat down,Every face is marked by trials, each heart a weary town.Paths diverge like rivers, branching through the sand,In the dance of uncertainty, choices are not grand.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I hear stories of freedom,\uc0{\u8221} the young man says with hope,\uc0{\u8220}But is the risk worth taking, should I venture far and wide?\uc0{\u8221}The elder shakes her head, her gaze both sad and wise,\uc0{\u8220}Freedom comes with shadows, and the unknown is a guise.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A mother holds her child close, her heart a tangled thread,Her dreams of distant places woven with the threads of dread.\uc0{\u8220}What if we find nothing but more sorrow?\uc0{\u8221} she sighs,\uc0{\u8220}Do we gamble with our futures, or stay where our past lies?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young man\uc0{\u8217}s voice is earnest, as he debates in the night,\uc0{\u8220}We could build a future, if we dare to face the fight.\uc0{\u8221}Yet the elder\uc0{\u8217}s voice is soft, with wisdom born of years,\uc0{\u8220}Every choice is a gamble, and we must face our fears.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 An elder sits in quiet, her gaze fixed on the earth,She reflects on years of hardship, and the memories of her birth.\uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ve lived through many choices, both the wrong and right,\uc0{\u8221}She murmurs to the young ones, \uc0{\u8220}Trust your heart\uc0{\u8217}s guiding light.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In this land of yearning, where the nights are cold and long,Choices are like flickers, of a distant, hopeful song.\uc0{\u8220}But how do we find hope,\uc0{\u8221} a voice breaks through the dark,\uc0{\u8220}When every choice we make is like a distant, fragile spark?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In this camp\uc0{\u8217}s quiet corners, where hope and hardship meet,The paths are forged in silence, where dreams and choices greet.\uc0{\u8220}Perhaps the journey itself is where our answers lie,\uc0{\u8221}A whisper in the twilight, beneath the vast, uncertain sky.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}