{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy13\hr12\min27\sec40}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy13\hr12\min27\sec40}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I first arrived in Malawi, five years ago, I was surprised how familiar everything felt. Perhaps the reason for this familiarity is that a significant portion of Malawians trace their roots back to the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), like me. As much as I appreciate this country and culture, I am very concerned about the significant challenges impacting the refugee community\uc0{\u8212}the youth in particular such as substance abuse, unprotected sex that might lead to undesired pregnancy and contraction of sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) such as gonorrhoea and HIV/AIDS, and crippling debts.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Take my uncle, for instance. He contracted credit from a friend with the highest rate to buy food and clothing to make the holiday season memorable. But then, a few weeks after the festivities, he was arrested because he did not respect the loan\uc0{\u8217}s terms and conditions. While he was in custody, we tried all we could to pay back the loan, but we were not successful, and this resulted in the confiscation of his motorbike, this only means for putting food on table.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There are so many cases like my uncle\uc0{\u8217}s, even more during the holyday period. I wondered if I could help put an end to these issues, but unfortunately, all my attempts and methods had been unsuccessful. The authorities aren\uc0{\u8217}t particularly helpful, and a good number of people do not consider this a societal problem that needs attention. They say that the only reason for all this trouble is the high cost of living.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was a bit perplexed, as I had no idea of what to do to reduce or put an end to what was consuming our community. At the same time, I felt that I have to do something though. I told her this, and asked, \uc0{\u8221}What do you think I should do?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 If I knew the answer,\uc0{\u8221} she replied, \uc0{\u8221}I could have shared it with you, but what I want is somebody to at least try to change my community. Though in hindsight it seems obvious, I understood my obligation toward our community. I realized it would be up to me to find a solution for the crisis that had our community in its grip. What if we constantly report these various cases to relevant authorities?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I suggested, that has been done several times in past,\uc0{\u8221} replied Elisabeth. \uc0{\u8221}But nothing concrete comes from it. We have to find alternatives, I could start by setting up a sensitisation in the community, to raise awareness then after, we can come up with a community response. What do you think?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Sounds like a good idea, why not give it a try?\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After this conversation, I decided to do my best to sensitize my community. The goal was clear, but difficult to realize, for the simple reason that sensitization campaign requires financial and material resources, such as lunch and transport for volunteers, books, papers and pens to take note and write reports\uc0{\u8212}the list goes on.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The second challenge was to acquire permission from the local authorities to conduct the campaign and lastly, formulating recruitment criteria.\uc0{\u160} Lucky enough, I was in touch with various pastors, who gave their input and assistance. I was so glad to hear that they were not only ready to help with financial\uc0{\u160}side, but they asked to play an integral role in the campaign. I gladly accept their offer, and since then, we have managed to mobilize over a thousand people in our community.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s been three years since the start of the campaign. We have conducted sensitization campaigns in various places such as churches, schools, markets, Parents frequently approach us to express their gratitude, to offer feedback and offer their availability whenever we need help. Many young adults have shown interest in what we are doing as well, the campaign helped them about the various issues that negatively affect the youth, and we are able to offer them helpful tools to address these challenges.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Many young people were motivated to attend and join our campaign because of our impactful story, that everyone could identify themselves in. As matter of fact, my friend Mary, a woman of tenacity and determination, has one such an experience. At a camp party two years ago, Mary was under the influence of drug abuse and found herself at the mercy of five people who sexually abused her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The aftermath left Mary coping with trauma, dread, and humiliation. Her mother\uc0{\u8217}s warnings about the risks of Christmas celebrations in the camp tormented her, increasing her grief. Sadly, Mary succumbed to despair and attempted suicide twice. When we heard Mary\uc0{\u8217}s story the first time, we were shocked, and decided to pay her a visit. Her family warmly welcomed us, and we asked their permission to talk to Mary.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In short, we told Mary that we were very sorry for what happened to her, that it was not her fault, and that she should not feel guilty. We told her about our mission and shared some similar stories we encountered. She was glad to listen to us, and asked to be part of the movement, something that we gladly accepted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mary is now a strong advocate in the community. She leads seminars to educate kids about the dangers linked not just with year-end celebrations but also with other events such as birthdays and weddings. Despite the difficulties, our efforts within the camp have resulted in recognition for the great impact we have had and the future activities we want to launch.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We still have a long way ahead of us, especially since we are dealing with issues that are out of our control and with people who still find it difficult to admit that some of the problems are societal problems.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nevertheless, I am committed and passionate about to creating a joyous and abuse-free end-of-year celebration. Sharing this tale is my way of alerting people across Africa and other parts of the world to be aware of the widespread difficulties during these celebrations. My aim is for everyone, regardless of where they live, to take a stand and contribute to the community, to work together to tackle substance abuse and all the other bad issues linked related to the end of the year.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}