{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy21\hr11\min24\sec31}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy21\hr11\min24\sec31}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Christmas and New Year\uc0{\u8217}s Eve in Tongogara dawn with excitement and spectacular panorama; churches have been painted anew, streets so tidy to await the first step of the event, and in front of the shops stand Christmas trees with splendid colors, and homes present the latest elegance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The days before the twin\uc0{\u8217}s celebration was ordinary except for the market which is laden with all manners of goods\uc0{\u8212}even shops that sell nothing sell some items in December. except for the weather, which rains with a shower or a downpour, except for the surge in population with many new faces after the schools are closed and those who go outside to look for work have come back to pass the holiday with their loved ones and a request for Christmas box becomes more frequent even from unfamiliar friends.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Christmas and the New Year celebration have taken the tune of two generations in the contemporary world. Children have formed a jamboree of vagabonds walking the streets in large locomotion and commotion while adults took to homes and church\uc0{\u8217}s preparation rituals. The season is no doubt an occasion of love and unity. One would think of a wedding, birthday party, sport, and other public celebration knit together but still the joy and euphoria that connect all hearts won\uc0{\u8217}t suffice the birth of Christ and a Passover over to New Year.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Camp from dawn to sunset is bustling with children who are cracking fireworks around in groups. During the evening hours, they start the match from the eastern side of the Camp, an open place at the bust terminal edged by a few shops, and then they move toward the west on the largest street with many shops on both sides. This is where they spend the daily celebration from Christmas day to New Year\uc0{\u8217}s Day and in this very place, they stay till late.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No passage through this highway at that time, cars are impassable and pedestrians who wish to continue their journey can\uc0{\u8217}t dare to push through. The noise too is deafening. It is not about fireworks, but all that produce quality sounds are in good possession and are being used to the maximum. Loudspeakers connected to digital gadgets, football sirens, plastic trumpets, the cheering sound of children, and the beating of screeching nickel and tins and buzzing sound of Jerrican jam the evening air.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After the children outsource gifts from grown-ups during the day in the Christmas box slogan, they share their gifts of sweets, drinks, and balloons, bundled with fireworks with the least fortunate among them. Christmas box has no age, gift of small or large comes from anyone, whether a sweet from a child or a bundle of fireworks that crack on the street from an adult. It can be a promise waiting to be delivered on New Year\uc0{\u8217}s Day or a word of sympathy in a given situation that may improve during the next season. This is the time of generosity, love, and care to showcase the values of just fairness, a time that everyone would wish to perpetually continue through the year.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tongogara is also home to young celebrities. Throughout the day, young girls, boys, and couples dressed in African attires go for an outing at Tongogara garden. An orchard next to the game park where flamboyant trees and similar-to jacaranda trees shoot high to the sky. The environment is green, beautifully colored by a look-alike Jacaranda tree with reddish flowers and shiny wood of flamboyant trees and a slight breeze of autumn that make your skin vibrate with joy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The girls are braided in Afro, cornrows, passion twist, or ponytail for simplicity, skin in powder with their lips coated in gloss as they walk in different gaits, in high eel with their handbags, and boys with an equally perfect outfit and various hairstyle all team into the gorgeous garden. Many pass the parallel road that cascade from the bus terminal to the Community Hall and then bend to the east-west at the ICT Youth Centre before it reaches an incredible lawn that graces many occasion conducted in the Camp.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The saying that beauty is in the eye of the beholder is not true for the cameraman who welds his camera lenses pointing to every vivacious well-dressed body. Photographers don\uc0{\u8217}t charge the same amount, as usual, it is like they have confided to each other\uc0{\u8217}s and they meet at the same price a dollar for two photos as compared to the dollar per three photos in the previous prize\uc0{\u8217}. It is a business created by demand and supply, the photographers use the resolute cameras in a scene where iPhones are rare and beautiful photos for Christmas and New Year celebrations are needed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 More research on }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 foodDance and MusicOther forms of Christmas giftsHow does the church service look like}\par
{{\cf0\f0 Conclusion: It is a season of the feast, a season of want and plenty, friends are invited to share a meal, drink together, and share the stories of love and laughter. It is an occasion that brings all diverse communities of Tongogara in togetherness and fused them into one huge solid ball of all colors of love, care, generosity, and, unity}}\par
\sect
}