{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy31\hr16\min01\sec59}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy31\hr16\min01\sec59}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I reached Chibweza Secondary School at exactly 3:30 p.m. All the students were busy with sports. The school participated in a football tournament organized by the Member of Parliament for Dowa West constituency, Honourable Charles Chimpikiso, where the school is located. A girl in a sky blue uniform warmly welcomed me at the administration of the school. She was there, delivering the books for her class teacher. When the deputy head teacher saw her, he instructed her to escort me to the girl\uc0{\u8217}s dormitory. She helped me pick up my suitcase. On our way, she said,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}My name is Anne, What\uc0{\u8217}s your name?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Am Martha?\uc0{\u8221} I responded.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Awesome, where are you from?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I came from Mponela, Dowa district.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Okay, welcome to Chibweza Secondary School!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Thank you\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When we entered the gate where the hostels were, some of the girls saw us and screamed, \uc0{\u8220}Girls! New khede! New khede!\uc0{\u8221} means a new student has arrived. I was overwhelmed with this, and I thought they were all happy with me. I smiled at them. They all came and hugged me when we walked towards the hostels. Most of them wore sports attire, and I could hear the cheering voice from the nearest ground of the school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We will greet you in the evening; as you can see, we are going to cheer our team at the ground,\uc0{\u8221} other girls said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We entered the room, Anne showed me where my bed was, and she helped me to put my bags there. There were four single-decker beds in that room. My bed was on top. I somehow felt comfortable because of the way those girls welcomed me outside. When the time was about 6:00 p.m. I heard the bell of the school, and another girl, Prisca, from the bottom bed, told me that I should take my plate, as it was time for supper. I opened my bag and pulled out the plate. I stepped down, and together we went to receive Nsima and Bean in the dining room. On the way, we met other girls who were coming from the football playing field. They all recognized me as a new arrival at school. All of them said, \uc0{\u8220}We will greet you in the evening.\uc0{\u8221} I was surprised because everyone said we\uc0{\u8217}d greet you in the evening.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I asked Prisca, \uc0{\u8220}Why is everyone saying we will greet you in the evening? Eeh? Why?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Prisca never wanted to make me feel scary. She told me,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Take it easy; everything that they will ask you to do, please do.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What do you mean?\uc0{\u8221} I asked her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry, just be cool.\uc0{\u8221} She said, waving her friend, who was also coming from the ground.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I got worried, and I was frightened with how Prisca responded.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After we received our meal, we entered the dining room, which was opposite the kitchen. The dining room was so big; we seated at the six-chair round table. I ate with Prisca and the other four girls. Everyone was busy eating and chatting, and the room was noisy. I hardly hear what other girls were discussing. After we finished eating, we left for the hostels. At that time, it was something like 7 p.m. I thought it was time to go to bed. My friend told me to take my books to read. The prep period was from 7 p.m. to 9 p.m. I enjoy studying this way because I know I will pass with flying colors because, at home, I hardly had time for reading.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The bell rang again at 9 p.m., and students from all the classes made a lot of noise, meaning it was time to go to their respective hostels and sleep. When we reached our room, I found out that the room was very full of girls. All the beds in my room were full of girls. After I stepped into the room, one of the girls told me to stand in the middle of the room. They told me that I should sang the national anthem in English, while at the primary school where I was coming from, we used to sing the national anthem in our native language, Chichewa. They all watched me when I sang the song and laughed at me because I failed to sing some of the stanzas. Then, they gave me a shoe that had a bad smell to use as a cell phone to communicate with my family that I had arrived at school. They all laughed after I pretended to make the call. Another girl from another hostel came and rescued me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What are you guys doing to this innocent girl? Aah? Don\uc0{\u8217}t do this to her again! If you try again, you all know me. Please, all of you leave this room now!\uc0{\u8221} They all stepped down and left. I almost wanted to start crying; I felt sorry for myself. I recalled, and I remembered, when we finished writing exams for the primary school leaving certificate, our teacher told us that some of you, when you go to boarding school, they will tease you. \uc0{\u8220}So, this is so-called teasing and bullying,\uc0{\u8221} I was saying to myself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I later thanked that girl for being a guardian angel for me. We became friends since that day up until now.}}\par
\sect
}