{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo08\dy04\hr22\min02\sec46}{\revtim \yr2022\mo08\dy04\hr22\min02\sec46}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 City of Wool}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 by Kip Vader}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In July the Mohammaden arrived on the riverboat Efin, piloted by Captain Edward Babbidge. The wharf rats hailed him with our trumpet and threw rocks from the riprap, which Captain Babbidge ignored. Buckets of slop were thrown from the deck. It was a very hot July. The Mohammaden wore a cloak of wool and boarded the streetcar to Uniontown. Smoke from the boat\uc0{\u8217}s engines made black clouds above us. Chinamen fastened the lines and began unpacking the hold. No one knew me then, or knew that I would be leaving, not even my friends Slavoj and Eric and Jens.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We were the wharf rats. We lived on Scow Bay with the Slavs and Eric lived in Upper Town. In summer there was no school and Jedah believed we had jobs hauling bags at the Megler landing. Jedah was too old and lame to walk so he never found out what we really did. It was Eric who called us the wharf rats and was our leader. Eric\uc0{\u8217}s father was a topper. He scaled 200-foot Doug firs and sawed their tops off. The blade got so hot it smoked when he oiled it. He sang \uc0{\u8220}Glory, Glory Hallelujah\uc0{\u8221} as the topped tree whipped him to and fro across the blue sky. Jedah had been a setter when his legs were crushed. They carried him out on a donkey sledge.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We followed the streetcar along Commercial. Gillnets hung on racks dried in the sun. Eric and Slavoj took horse crabs from a cart by Kinney\uc0{\u8217}s pier. Finns shucked oysters with tin knives, knee-deep in shells. The streetcar was very slow and we dawdled so as not to overtake it. We didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what to call him yet, only that he was strange, and we followed to Schmidt\uc0{\u8217}s where he got off and walked to the Chinamen souk on Astor Street. He was dark like a Hindoo but wore no turban. A Hindoo would take the number 7 to Alderbrook.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}He\uc0{\u8217}s Basque,\uc0{\u8221} said Eric.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}How can you tell?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}He walks like a sheep herder.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The wool cloak.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}And no bags. I bet Haakanson in Olney called for him. His boy took off.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Fires burned in the hills. Slash left smoldering kindled dry brush and cut timber. All night, thin lines of orange glimmered across black hills on the Washington side. The air smelled of smoke and brine except by the shore where it stank of fish guts. Horse\uc0{\u8217}s cantered on Desdemona Sands, pulling nets, rippling in heat waves above the water. They seemed to be swimming. At night seiners marched the horses up ramps to sleep in barns on piers above the flood tide. At ebb the seiners brought them out again, hitched them to the nets, and caught salmon.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On Thursday Boyd & Ogle\uc0{\u8217}s Dog and Pony Circus came. From the train they made a parade to the courthouse. First, dogs in carts pulled by mules and then King Pharoh, the Horse with the Human Brain. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know they were coming. Thin notes from the steam piano, like the calls of night birds, reached me and I went looking. It was afternoon. Fog crested the hill above Uniontown, dragging in trees. Yapping dogs and the streetcar bell mixed with the song of the steam piano. In wet air sound hung like light. I ran down the trestle on Exchange and past The Jewel to catch up.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Boyd & Ogle set up tents on the courthouse lawn. Shows at 2 and 8. The dogs were loose. Red Finns picnicked there. They handed out leaflets for Toveri \uc0{\u8212} a brilliant block print, muscled worker with raised fist, bright sunburst behind him, but all the words were Finnish. I helped hand them out. When fog blocked the sun circus tents glowed like lanterns from electric lights strung inside. The steam piano started again. Admission was 25 cents, which I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have, but the red Finns paid my way. We sat on the topmost bleachers, wrapped together in Hudson Bay blankets, beaming. Where were Eric and Slavoj and Jens? I had forgotten them.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What is Toveri?\uc0{\u8221} I asked the oldest Finn boy, to be kind.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}A piece of shit, like you.\uc0{\u8221} His friends smiled.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}How do you say \uc0{\u8216}shit\uc0{\u8217} in Finnish?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Slav.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You play baseball like shit.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Your baseball is shit.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Say it in Finnish.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Sinun baseball on paska!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Paska!\uc0{\u8221} I shouted, pointing at the Finn boys.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Jaa, paska!\uc0{\u8221} they shouted, pointing back at me. Church Finns glared at us from the rows below.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Chinese paid tin chips for admission. Houke brought eggs. Dr. Boyd began his lecture on mesmerism.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Mesmerism, sometimes called \uc0{\u8216}magnetism,\uc0{\u8217} or \uc0{\u8216}hypnotism,\uc0{\u8217} or \uc0{\u8216}psychologism,\uc0{\u8217} is an esoteric art that has been known to the East for many centuries. Familiar to the Celestials, the Shiekhs of Sufism, and Hindoo mystics, mesmerism first entered the West in the 17th century in the work of the monk Uldericus Balk and separately the volume of 1639 entitled The Sympathetical Powder of Edricius Mohynus of Eburo. Only later did the fame of Anton Mesmer give it the name by which it is primarily known today.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gaps in the tent opened views toward the river. Men with lanterns maneuvered gill netters past pilings. Fires in barrels cast shadows on the piers. Men tipped them in the river when they burned out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Mesmerism looks past the shell of our bodies into the ubiquitous \uc0{\u233}lan vital, the life stream in which all life swims. The whirling dervishes of Ottoman Empire know the \uc0{\u233}lan vital as a potentiality within each body that is reached by shedding the skins that hide it. Mesmerism divests us of corporeal shells that obscure the \uc0{\u233}lan vital. Freed from these constraints \uc0{\u8212} whether by spinning, or ritual chant, cyclic music, or when moved by the aura of the mesmerist\uc0{\u8217}s spell \uc0{\u8212} the \uc0{\u233}lan vital imminent within each of us rises to meet the day.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Night came. Ship\uc0{\u8217}s beacons lit rolling fog. The city was a marriage of water and fire. Dr. Boyd undertook a demonstration of the principles he\uc0{\u8217}d discussed. A Finn boy volunteered and was made to speak in many languages. Mrs. Wise lowered herself onto all fours and barked like a dog. A very small boy recited formulas well beyond his years.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Soon an advertisement appeared in the Daily Budget: \uc0{\u8220}City of Wool. Fine Wool. All Your Felt Needs. Proprietor: M. Pasa.\uc0{\u8221} A small picture showed two crossed swords and a hat with no brim. The address was on Astor Street in the Chinamen souk. We had seen the Mohammedan in the brush behind Scow Bay gathering pea vines and skunk cabbage. He was a picky, methodical gleaner, like a man choosing chocolates. I watched him for a while, then grew bored. Eric saw him argue with a black Finn at Oake and Peeks. Their hands flew through the air and their voices became harsh, but they kissed when they parted. We looked for him at Rosenberg Hall, where the Hindoos wrestled, but did not find him. Their immaculate brown skin glistens with fish oil and sweat when they grapple. No white man can beat them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Mohammaden could be seen on the steps at Astor Street or when crowds gathered for a spectacle. He kept his wool cloak, though the days only grew hotter. When U.S. submarines H-1, H-2, and H-3 submersed to patrol the city\uc0{\u8217}s waterfront using reflecting periscopes, the Mohammaden was visible among Chinamen at the foot of Schmidt\uc0{\u8217}s pier. He kept their company throughout. Eric and Slavoj and I watched from the railing beside riverboat Urline\uc0{\u8217}s slip and lost view of the periscopes, which were difficult to see. Jedah watched too and was indifferent to us. We had brought him in the vegetable cart. Eric and I pulled it like mules.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jedah has become a booster. Kearney promised him a cigar concession at the new Hill Terminus and that suits him. \uc0{\u8220}Geography is destiny,\uc0{\u8221} he told me, aping Kearney. \uc0{\u8220}Half the continent drains through this river. The world will come to us, just like all the water and the rain. Nothing can compete against gravity.\uc0{\u8221} Past Jedah\uc0{\u8217}s cigar concession the multitude will stream from Hill\uc0{\u8217}s transcontinental trains onto ships bound for China, Japan, San Francisco, and, with the new canal, points East. A cigar concession will attract the prime cut of men, and Jedah can keep society despite his immobility.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I applaud his optimism but do not share it. Gravity is a trifle. I\uc0{\u8217}ve seen Eric fly upward from a rope-swing and land on his feet above the Young\uc0{\u8217}s River Falls. Birdmen run their aeroplanes into the sky willy nilly. On the flood tide the river flows backward, an absurdity that happens twice each day. How can a metropolis reliably grow from such fickle things as these? The multitude is every where, great in number and full of poverty.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The fresh air brought color to Jedah\uc0{\u8217}s cheeks. He looked handsome in the bright sun. Pythians halloed greetings and took him away in the cart. It was a Thursday and they were numerous enough to carry Jedah up the Lodge stairs for a card game. Eric\uc0{\u8217}s father was with them. He is also a booster. The city only needed to be \uc0{\u8220}cleaned,\uc0{\u8221} he said. Then prosperity will be drawn to us like bees to honey.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next morning the Mohammedan came to me as I dawdled beside the gate where our yard gave on to the forest rising behind Franklin at 22nd. He spoke out loud.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You have the most beautiful roses,\uc0{\u8221} he said in a soft, high voice. \uc0{\u8220}And so late in the year.\uc0{\u8221} I said nothing. These were Jedah\uc0{\u8217}s roses. I stared. \uc0{\u8220}May I smell them?\uc0{\u8221} he asked. I nodded yes. Jedah was sleeping. It was morning still. Hindoos from the Hammond mill marched in formation down Exchange to work at the box factory. The roses smelled beautiful. Their scent was why I dawdled by the gate each morning for much longer than I needed. It enchanted me. The Mohammedan bent close to the heavy blooms, cupped a creamy pink one in his brown hands, and pressed his nose to it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}They\uc0{\u8217}re heavenly,\uc0{\u8221} he said. \uc0{\u8220}May the prophet bring armloads of them for my shop.\uc0{\u8221} I drew the weeping blossom to my face and smiled. That afternoon I cut Jedha\uc0{\u8217}s roses with his garden sheers and brought armloads of them to the Chinamen souk on Astor Street. I asked Ah Hung to show me the Mohammedan. \uc0{\u8220}The brown man with no turban,\uc0{\u8221} as I described him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Mr. Pasa,\uc0{\u8221} Ah Hung nodded. \uc0{\u8220}He is in the City of Wool.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ah Hung led me through a door and along a narrow hallway that gave onto a second door. He opened it and to my sweat and roses was added strong, sweet smoke and musky incense. The dim light was interior. Beyond this door the passage widened, leading into shadows. Alcoves opened off either side: in a first alcove, a crude apothecary lit by electric lights; in a second, a dozen candles illuminating cards and gaming boards. Three men huddled around a low table in a third alcove, and then there were several rooms obscured behind heavy screens. Beyond these, in an archway, hung a carved sign that said \uc0{\u8220}City of Wool.\uc0{\u8221} There, the Mohammedan sat on a sheepskin throw, blocking a queer brimless hat.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I brought you roses,\uc0{\u8221} I said.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We kept our trumpet in a box among reeds at 22nd. Jens had taken it from his uncle in Portland, and holding the trumpet in common in a box made it less like stealing. Whoever got there first blew it and this was the sign for the others to come. The trumpet could be heard for many blocks. Always it was Eric who blew because he was alone in Upper Town and he hated everything there. The rest of us were Slavs in Scow Bay and happy at home; happy too to answer the trumpet when it called. Our other signal was the noon whistle at O\uc0{\u8217}Brien\uc0{\u8217}s Spruce Mill that told us it was noon.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the hot morning sun the clipped stems of Jedah\uc0{\u8217}s roses looked awful. I had done a terrible thing. Jedah would not know until Thursday, if we brought him out again, but already I felt sad and angry for him. The stems were pinched and torn. Thorns cast hard flat shadows without blossoms to soften them. It could not be put right. The trumpet blew. I pulled my boots on and hurried down Exchange, past Matti Pahkasatti\uc0{\u8217}s barge, and into the mud. Eric scared birds from the rushes, blowing the horn again. Jens could be seen running down 23rd street, cheeks as bright as his red boots.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I met the Mohammaden,\uc0{\u8221} I told them. Slavoj was nowhere.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Who?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The Basque in wool. He\uc0{\u8217}s not Basque at all but a Mohammaden. He told me so.\uc0{\u8221} Slavoj arrived, grinning, and took the trumpet and blew it like an idiot.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}He\uc0{\u8217}s met the Mohammaden,\uc0{\u8221} Jens said importantly. \uc0{\u8220}The Basque in wool who isn\uc0{\u8217}t really Basque.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}He\uc0{\u8217}s from Konya, in Turkestan.\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}How do you know?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}He told me so. I went to his shop in the Chinamen souk.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You went in the Chinamen souk?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes. Ah Hung let me in.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Did you see women?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No, I don\uc0{\u8217}t think so. It was dark inside.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Was it crowded\uc0{\u8230}with gambling?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know. It was very quiet. The Mohammaden played a flute.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}How did you get through the door?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Is there a password?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I asked for the City of Wool.\uc0{\u8221} Blank stares. \uc0{\u8220}The Mohammaden\uc0{\u8217}s shop.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The City of Wool?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s in the newspaper.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}But why?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I hesitated, weighing my secrets. \uc0{\u8220}I needed wool for Jedah.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}And Ah Hung let you in?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}He led me in.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}And did he offer you women?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It was dark. I don\uc0{\u8217}t remember how many doors we went through. There are shops inside, or alcoves with things you can buy. The Mohammaden sells wool and felt hats. No one was there but me. He made tea and showed me his hats and the wool. Then he played music for a while. Quite a long while. It was very beautiful.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Did it smell?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It smelled like roses.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We brought the trumpet with us on the trolley car to Astor Street. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to go but Eric had made up his mind. I was happy to see no one by the door of the Chinamen souk and glad we could not get the courage up to knock. Eric blew loud on the trumpet and some girls looked out from windows on the second floor and as they did we ran away. Our thrill leaping onto the leaving trolley diminished when it inched forward slowly. But we cheered as it drew west and, flush with our boldness, we stayed on it and crossed the border into Uniontown.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We\uc0{\u8217}ll show those dirty Finns,\uc0{\u8221} said Eric. \uc0{\u8220}We\uc0{\u8217}ll blow the trumpet right in Uniontown.\uc0{\u8221} The din of pile drivers made us have to yell. Downtown and at Smith\uc0{\u8217}s Point crews drove piles 16 hours a day to build the new public docks. A bulkhead along Water Street will seal the tidal flats so downtown can be drained. A dredge will clear new slips, fill the empty flats with sand, and win 32 new city blocks back from the river. Canneries filled the piers between Bond Street and Suomi Hall. The trolley turned the bend, leaving the familiar signs behind, and all around us Finns circled and talked in their strange language. The Union Cooperative Cannery blocked our view of the river. Music played from the Socialist Hall. For all of their strangeness, Finns walked the streets just as we did, burdened with parcels, preoccupied by their errands. No eyes turned nor did silence fall when we got off the trolley at the meat market and hurried into shadows by the sauna. Eric held the trumpet tight.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We\uc0{\u8217}ll blow it and then we\uc0{\u8217}ll run,\uc0{\u8221} he instructed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We\uc0{\u8217}ll run in separate directions,\uc0{\u8221} Jens added. \uc0{\u8220}And then reconnoiter by the public dock at Smith\uc0{\u8217}s Point. My dad\uc0{\u8217}s crew is there. We\uc0{\u8217}ll walk with them to get home.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}If you get caught curl up in a ball. They can only kick you for so long.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Call them \uc0{\u8216}dirty Finns.\uc0{\u8217} That\uc0{\u8217}s what they are.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Blow it! Blow it!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And Eric blew the trumpet loud and horribly. He took a second breath and blew again, longer, and then again. \uc0{\u8220}Again, Eric? Or, are we done?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Once more, and then we run.\uc0{\u8221} And he blew again so long and awful that by the time he ran out of breath and was done we looked up and saw that Finns everywhere were staring at us. Worse, Finn boys close by had put down their parcels and begun walking toward us from both sides. I was frozen beside my friends, not wanting to be parted from them. Eric, Slavoj, and Jens were frozen too. The Finn boys closed in, grinning.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Blow it again,\uc0{\u8221} I whispered hoarsely. \uc0{\u8220}Blow it in their faces.\uc0{\u8221} But Eric could not. The Finn boys drew close, put hands on Eric\uc0{\u8217}s shoulders, and the biggest one said, \uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s a very nice trumpet. Do you play with a band?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They invited us to Hannula\uc0{\u8217}s boarding house where the Finnish Workers\uc0{\u8217} Theatrical Troupe rehearsed a variety show with Tani Takela, the virtuoso of the Karelian stage. Fisherman mended gillnets on cross beams beneath Hannula\uc0{\u8217}s pier. The tide was out and it stank. Drummers pounded in a meeting room and dancers counted steps. Men and women ate at round tables. In another room red Finns and Hindoos laid out columns in metal type for the Gadar party newspaper. The paper was in Punjabi, Hindi, and Urdu. Finns organized the Hindoos and taught them International syndicalism. They gave them paper and a printing press at Suomi Hall. Red Finns made Hindoos read Karl Marx. There was no money at Hannula\uc0{\u8217}s. Boarders lived on credit and settled bills each August, when the fishing season closed.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the auditorium Tani Takela lay on a divan and the band was in the pit. We were hungry and went to the kitchen where Emililia Hannula served us potatoes and meat gravy. An orator in the dining room lectured on Karelia.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We don\uc0{\u8217}t actually play the trumpet,\uc0{\u8221} I told the Finn boys. \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s for our club.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t say our name,\uc0{\u8221} Eric whispered. He met my eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We\uc0{\u8217}re friends,\uc0{\u8221} I said. \uc0{\u8220}Its our bugle, our call to arms.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s a good trumpet,\uc0{\u8221} the bigger Finn boy said. \uc0{\u8220}You could make music on it if you blow softer and use the valves, like so.\uc0{\u8221} He took the trumpet from Eric. \uc0{\u8220}I can show you.\uc0{\u8221} The Finn boys led us to an empty room looking west, in view of the pile drivers, and there we heard the pretty music a trumpet could make. He played \uc0{\u8220}Camptown Race Track,\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Sweet Polly,\uc0{\u8221} and one called \uc0{\u8220}Union Maid\uc0{\u8221} that was rousing so we all stomped and danced as the Finn boys sang, except Jens who was sore because \uc0{\u8220}\uc0{\u8217}Union Maid\uc0{\u8217} is a Wob song.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Look at me,\uc0{\u8221} I yelled, \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m a Wobblie!\uc0{\u8221} And I skittered across the floor menacing him. Then the Finns sang Oh you can\uc0{\u8217}t scare me I\uc0{\u8217}m sticking to the union, I\uc0{\u8217}m sticking to the union, I\uc0{\u8217}m sticking to the union. Oh you can\uc0{\u8217}t scare me I\uc0{\u8217}m sticking to the union, I\uc0{\u8217}m sticking to the union, until the day I die. And then came a lullaby in Finnish and then \uc0{\u8220}Wynken and Blynken and Nod,\uc0{\u8221} which even Jens sang because it\uc0{\u8217}s beautiful and concerns lost fishermen.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Women stopped us. The room was theirs from 6 to 10. They had bowling pins and metal rings. Returning gill netters filled the slips outside. The sun was lost in a cloudbank. The Finn boys showed us Pentilla\uc0{\u8217}s, the laundry room, and a trap door above the river.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Do you live here?\uc0{\u8221} I asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No,\uc0{\u8221} they said. \uc0{\u8220}We live in houses.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We live in houses too, at Scow Bay.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What\uc0{\u8217}s your school?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Shively,\uc0{\u8221} Eric answered.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Ours is Robert Gray. Do you ever hunt rats?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We\uc0{\u8217}ll show you how.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Rose petals covered the City of Wool. The Mohammaden laid them on metal trays to dry. Every surface of the shop was obscured. A brass spittoon in the corner held bare stems. He prepared an attar using mortar and pestle. I showed him my rats. We\uc0{\u8217}d caught a dozen and I brought two home for Jedah to taxidermy. He made them stand on hind legs like bears fighting. The rats were pale and hairless, like parchment, which fascinated the Mohammaden.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Like ghost spirits,\uc0{\u8221} he said, running his fingers along their backs. They had long yellow teeth that Jedah bared.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}They\uc0{\u8217}ve been everywhere since the pile driving started. Jedah says they\uc0{\u8217}re a kind that has never seen light before.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}From the underworld.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}From under the piers.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Did they fight like demons?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The rat terrier cornered them. We shone bright lights to freeze them and bashed their heads with baseball bats.\uc0{\u8221} The attar was of rose petals and oil. The Mohammaden mixed them into paste. \uc0{\u8220}What is it for?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}For injuries. The rose is good medicine.\uc0{\u8221} He smeared some on my wrist.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Are you a doctor?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}A healer, by the blessings of God.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}And a flute player.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, and a flute player. A ney player.\uc0{\u8221} The Mohammaden\uc0{\u8217}s flute was a mansour ney. He blew sideways across its mouth and the sound was more wind than music. He made up songs as he played. We never spoke much and that suited me. The Mohammaden played and I listened.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Chinamen souk sold things you can\uc0{\u8217}t buy in real stores: dried animals, oils and salves, powders, opium, certificates of entry, Chinese things. Ah Hung smiled and nodded when I came. I saw no women, only the shops on the Mohammaden\uc0{\u8217}s hallway and Chinamen. Very few wanted wool. Most passed the shop and disappeared at the dark end of the hall. An unseen door opened and closed. There were other hallways, unknown to me. Men who came to the City of Wool were served tea. The Mohammaden kept a leather cushion and his visitor would sit facing him. I was invisible in the corner.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}God be praised,\uc0{\u8221} the Mohammaden always said as greeting. Most men were Chinese and spoke very little. The Mohammaden touched their sleeves and smiled. Tentatively, a word or two: \uc0{\u8220}good\uc0{\u8221} or \uc0{\u8220}silk.\uc0{\u8221} The tea was poured from a great height. I put small biscuits on a brass plate and these would appear from the shadows. Chinamen had no trouble sitting still. A Dutchman who came to buy wool was uncomfortable.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I want wool,\uc0{\u8221} he said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}God be praised,\uc0{\u8221} the Mohammaden replied. The leather cushion was made to appear; the Dutchman looked at it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Do you sell wool?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}By the mercy of God, I do.\uc0{\u8221} The Mohammaden bowed his head lower and gestured at the cushion. The Dutchman smiled.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s lovely leather,\uc0{\u8221} he said. \uc0{\u8220}I need wool blankets and will buy a tailored garment, if your tailoring is good. Can you tailor a man\uc0{\u8217}s breasted suit and pants?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Mohammaden turned his hands up then brought them together and looked to the ground. \uc0{\u8220}May God help me, I will do what pleases you.\uc0{\u8221} He gestured again. \uc0{\u8220}I beg you, allow me to offer tea.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m a rather big size through the chest,\uc0{\u8221} the Dutchman went on, squatting onto the cushion. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}d like it in a single piece, with no seam at the back.\uc0{\u8221} The Mohammaden was not a tailor. He had told me so. The wool was a sacrament that he didn\uc0{\u8217}t fashion into garments. He only made of it dark cloaks like the one he wore, and he made beautiful tall hats of felt. But he also liked to be helpful. The Mohammaden poured tea from high up, clattering the small glasses. More biscuits appeared.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You have traveled far?\uc0{\u8221} he asked the Dutchman.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}From Olney. I\uc0{\u8217}ve been on a show up Sulliman Creek and we\uc0{\u8217}ve about exhausted it. I\uc0{\u8217}m cashing out.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Your people are from Olney?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ve been there a year. My people are Dutch; they\uc0{\u8217}re everywhere.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Will you go back to Holland now?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ve never been to Holland. I was born on a ship.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Born at sea, like in a fable.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220}My mother was sick as a dog so she didn\uc0{\u8217}t mind the labor. That\uc0{\u8217}s how she tells it, anyway.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}May she be blessed by God.\uc0{\u8221} The Mohammaden held the tray of biscuits for his guest. \uc0{\u8220}She will leave Olney with you?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}She\uc0{\u8217}s never been to Olney. She lives in Los Angeles.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Mohammaden laid his hand on the Dutchman\uc0{\u8217}s sleeve. \uc0{\u8220}I too have lost the company of my family.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Dutchman rose. \uc0{\u8220}Let\uc0{\u8217}s get the measuring done and take a look at your wool.\uc0{\u8221} There was no measuring tape. The Mohammaden beckoned me from the shadows and I went over the Dutchman with my arms out, tilting around him, calling out numbers the Mohammaden repeated while he fingered the cloaks folded on a piece of carpet by the wall. The Dutchman was indeed quite big around the chest and also had very long legs. When I had finished and withdrawn, the Mohammaden presented a cloak for the Dutchman to touch.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Your wool is excellent.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I am privileged by God to have such wool.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}How long does it take you to make a suit?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}God help me, I cannot say.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m sure you\uc0{\u8217}re busy.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Good work takes time.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The show shuts down next week. How about I come back then?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You will be welcome.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Mohammaden sold very little wool but he did good business trading brass and wood. Chinamen bought carved pipes and ornamental plates. They paid with money, but also fish, opium, silk, vegetables, powders, herbs, and tin discs from the canning factory. In Olney timbermen bought necessaries with chits at the company store. At Seaside paper slips were good for rides. At Matti Pahkasatti\uc0{\u8217}s my word was enough, because we lived so close and had saved him once from fire. Ah Hung was strict; he only took money or tin chips. The Mohammaden accepted anything. Most of it later left the shop in trade. I brought him wildflowers and other plants from the woods. These were gifts. In turn I was given tea and biscuits and music and time.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Commerce is a wonder,\uc0{\u8221} the Mohammaden told me. \uc0{\u8220}The prophet is glorified by our every exchange.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now the fires came closer to town. Workmen building the Columbia River Highway to Westport caught the Bradley and Larkin & Green shows aflame, burning debris from the road work. On Coxcomb Hill underbrush that had flared kept a spark and caught felled timber so that smoke rose now continuously from the South, turning the sky pale orange. So much water was needed for the canneries and the mills there was none left for Upper Town. But the fires didn\uc0{\u8217}t blow in Upper Town so nothing was done. In Svensen, fishes crawled onto shore from the lake because the water overheated and they died there. Hindoos burned corpses in a funeral pyre beside the Hammond Mill. They ladled butter on the flames and chanted in Sanskrit. That night drunk whites sifted the ashes for fillings and rings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Eric and I spent the morning on Van Dusen Sands helping water the horses. We rode the seiners\uc0{\u8217} barge from Kinney\uc0{\u8217}s pier at dawn. Distance made the city small, a scab of buildings at the foot of a ravaged hillside. Smoke hung over it like a veil. The river air was cool and sweet, the water as flat as glass. The seiners began the first pull shortly after dawn. Eric and I were useless, uncertain where to apply ourselves, and always a step behind. The horses were great marvels, big and steady in the surf. We watched for a while and then skipped shells off the water until noon when we rode the barge back into town.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jedah\uc0{\u8217}s legs were burning so I stayed home and cooled him with washcloths. Jedah was stoic and didn\uc0{\u8217}t like to show pain. I only knew his legs hurt because he wasn\uc0{\u8217}t reading. If they hurt enough he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t read. When they didn\uc0{\u8217}t hurt, all he did was read. He hadn\uc0{\u8217}t seen the cut roses yet. \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Close the window,\uc0{\u8221} he complained when I opened it. \uc0{\u8220}Damn smoke stinks.\uc0{\u8221} I closed it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Do you want a bath Jedah?\uc0{\u8221} I asked. He stank too, for we had been derelict about bathing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes I do. And a game of cards.\uc0{\u8221} On 22nd street we had water, even when Upper Town was dry. I filled Jedah\uc0{\u8217}s tub from a hose we\uc0{\u8217}d run from the sink. He liked it cold. Jedah left puddles everywhere, dragging the hose with him. We had fixed a stopcock on the end to turn the water on and off when he wandered. Cribbage was our game. I fetched the small carved box from its place in a leather purse by the tub.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The hills are burning again, aren\uc0{\u8217}t they grandson?\uc0{\u8221} Jedha stripped and was ready for the tub. I anchored one side with my weight as he slithered over the lip like a seal.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}They are Jedah.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I used to love setting fire to the slash.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Shall we begin?\uc0{\u8221} I placed the cribbage board on the low table and started to organize the pegs.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It was better in the Fall, when the air was crisp.\uc0{\u8221} Jedha soaped his arms to a lather. \uc0{\u8220}I remember burning our camp down, I mean when we had to.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Black or white?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}White, please.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The Door & Lumber Mill burned in Seaside. Eric said it was very pretty in the mist.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}To the ground?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes. The mist kept everything around it damp, but now the mill is gone.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}They\uc0{\u8217}ll build another if they need it. Fire isn\uc0{\u8217}t all that gets its way around here.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}They\uc0{\u8217}ve got the new flameproof Path\uc0{\u233} films at The Jewell. You can put a match to them and they\uc0{\u8217}re unchanged.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}That old nitrate is something devilish, grandson. You can\uc0{\u8217}t put it out. Water only makes it worse.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I thought for awhile, weighing my secrets, and then I told him, \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}d rather drown than burn to death.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Everyone prefers drowning,\uc0{\u8221} Jedah replied \uc0{\u8221}Your deal.\uc0{\u8221} I started dealing. Our cards were frayed and thin because we played so often. Jedah moved his peg three holes, compensation for dealing second. He always chose pone because it was hard to deal from the tub, and he got the three-hole lead. The starter card came up Jack, so I got two-for-his-heels and was nearly even.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Do you swim, Jeddah? I mean, did you?\uc0{\u8221} I put a seven and an eight in the crib, for my fifteens.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You bet I did, like a salmon. I probably still could, my arms are so damn strong.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}When I let up I just sink to the bottom.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s because you\uc0{\u8217}re so skinny. Nothing on you floats.\uc0{\u8221} Jeddah put his discard in the crib.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t mind, It\uc0{\u8217}s so quiet down there I just glide along, belly to the rocks.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Like a fish laying eggs.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ll let you peg one more if you let me lead.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s a deal.\uc0{\u8221} Jedah loved pegging. It was his weakness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I put a queen on the jack, holding an ace in my hand, and hoped Jedah would take the bait. \uc0{\u8220}With my mind, sometimes, I can not have to breathe.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jedah dropped a five on my queen and so I was stuck. \uc0{\u8220}Men do that with fire too,\uc0{\u8221} he said. He sloshed a little in the tub, laying the washcloth over his knees. \uc0{\u8220}They erase it with their heads.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nothing in my hand was playable except the ace, so I laid that down. \uc0{\u8220}Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad says the Hill Terminus won\uc0{\u8217}t ever burn, on account of the firewall.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jedah smiled and produced another five. \uc0{\u8220}High-fired tile. Won\uc0{\u8217}t burn because its already burned. That\uc0{\u8217}ll be a sight.\uc0{\u8221} He pegged two holes for the pair and another two for 31. \uc0{\u8220}Impervious to fire and water. They\uc0{\u8217}re building that one for the ages.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You sound like Kearney.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jedah stiffened a little and laid the washcloth over his face. \uc0{\u8220}Count them up, grandson. Count them and weep.\uc0{\u8221} Jedah pegged ten to my two, but he didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what I had waiting in the crib.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At the Astoria Theater Mrs. Hebert\uc0{\u8217}s Colonial Playground kids reprised their tableux, because of their excellence. Admission was free. Jens and Slavoj and I sat in Chinese Heaven, which made for poor viewing. \uc0{\u8220}The Declaration of Independence\uc0{\u8221} was long and tedious, but \uc0{\u8220}Past Wilderness\uc0{\u8221} was enchanting: Indians (it might have been Sacajawea) frolicked in a sylvan glen and white explorers happened upon them. The whites were bright, a glare. Next was \uc0{\u8220}Future: Where Rail and Water Meet,\uc0{\u8221} which earned enthusiastic applause. A tall steam engine approached from stage-left while waves were made to lap stage-right using tails of mylar spinning on a drum. The Hill Terminus was represented in paint, and the illusion of mass was convincing. Mrs. Hebert took credit as \uc0{\u8220}scene painter,\uc0{\u8221} and the success of the tableaux rested on the strength of her brushwork.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The real terminus is a vast sea of pilings now. Nothing has been built on them. 9,000 more will be needed. Pile drivers operate all night under electrical lights. The dredge Chinook began clearing a channel and in-filling the docklands. The longer Jedah stays indoors, the grander his picture of \uc0{\u8221}The Terminus\uc0{\u8221} becomes. He hears the pile drivers pounding in the dark. Sand disgorged from the dredge Clatsop spills over the bulkhead, downtown, which Jedah can see through the window. When fog rolls in from the mouth, electrical lights make a great shadow play where Jedah sees a new city, tall and dry and clean: \uc0{\u8220}Like New York. No hoboes stealing hams or burning the rail yard down falling asleep drunk by the fire pit. The streets will be hard and so crowded the trains have to run underground. And there will be ground for them to run in. Police will enforce the law. A man who gives his life and limb to work will profit from it. He\uc0{\u8217}ll have a view, and machines to do his laundry.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But I\uc0{\u8217}m not Jedah. I was born here, where history is as fresh as eggs. The world is new every morning, the ground itself a willful fantasy. I\uc0{\u8217}ve never seen New York. What could grow in a place like this? Our city is a scab of buildings at the foot of a ravaged hill, a fable told by boosters. It\uc0{\u8217}s a Chinamen souk with no police and a dozen languages you understand by watching. Horses pull fish from the river. What does not burn drowns, and the city springs fresh from every smoldering pile of ash.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Eric said jitneys were giving free rides to the Twilight Grounds so we waited at 6th and Harrison for Kearney in his land yacht. He picked up seven of us. Kearney was proud of his machine and didn\uc0{\u8217}t charge us money. \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s a Buick,\uc0{\u8221} he yelled over the roar of the motor. \uc0{\u8220}A hundred horses under the hood.\uc0{\u8221} We hallooed into the dusk. Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad hunkered down between us, holding the bats. Twilight League would play despite the fires, Scow Bay versus West Astoria. Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad was our big bat.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Scow Bay boys shot rockets beneath the stands until game time. Smoke drifted on the ridge. Because of the jitneys, four hundred people were in attendance. On other nights there was no one, the hill was too steep. Dusk rimmed the horizon, orange above the ocean and blue to the East. Scow Bay boys drank Dago whiskey to keep the chill off. West Astoria took the field like gladiators. Twilight League ran five innings, fewer if it got dark. A long fly ball surprised Hutalla and for several minutes he disappeared down a steep bank of salal. All the runners scored. There was belligerence when Maricivich ran Utilla down in a pickle and knocked him to the ground. Poor judgment led to errors. In the third inning, the last as it turned out, Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad backpeddled into the darkness and fell down a steep bank. His leg was hurt so bad he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t move it. After a while, four men carried him out of the underbrush and got him into Kearney\uc0{\u8217}s land yacht. Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad was drunk and broke and ashamed, so he wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t see Doctor Kinney. I told him that I knew a doctor in the Chinamen souk and Kearney drove us there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad was a sweet drunk. On the front steps he greeted Ah Hung like an old friend. Eric and I propped him on our shoulders and his grip was loose. The Mohammaden sat in his shop playing music. We heard it from down the hall: narcotic tones, difficult to place. I led us past the darkened apothecary and the gaming store to the City of Wool.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}This is Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad,\uc0{\u8221} I said. \uc0{\u8221}His leg is hurt.\uc0{\u8221} The Mohammaden rose from his rug and helped us lower Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad onto it. He started chanting, as though to himself, \uc0{\u8220}La ilaha illa \uc0{\u8216}llah, la ilaha illa \uc0{\u8216}llah, la ilaha illa \uc0{\u8216}llah, la ilaha illa \uc0{\u8216}llah, la ilaha illa \uc0{\u8216}llah,\uc0{\u8221} and this chanting made a music. I knew to fix water for the tea. Kearney had ditched us at Bond Street, not wanting to be seen with Ah Hung.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Are you a doctor?\uc0{\u8221} Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad asked, helpless as a baby.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Mohammaden leaned close and held his hand. \uc0{\u8220}By the blessing of God, I am a healer.\uc0{\u8221} He began to chant again, directing his voice to the hurt leg and then to Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad\uc0{\u8217}s torso and forehead and then to the leg again.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Mr. Pasa is a Sufi doctor,\uc0{\u8221} I said. \uc0{\u8221}He fixed Madame Sylvia\uc0{\u8217}s chilblains with an attar of worm root. I saw it.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}He certainly smells nice,\uc0{\u8221} Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Without Mr. Pasa\uc0{\u8217}s medicine Ah Hung has stomach cramps.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I had no idea his stomach pained him.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Mohammaden kept at his prayer and I poured tea. I poured from very high and made a froth. Soft voices from elsewhere floated into our room, mixing with the prayer. Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad fell in and out of sleep. Eric stood by the archway, startled, looking down the hall. He\uc0{\u8217}d never been inside before. When a door opened, shooting light through the shadows, Eric hurried back to the stacked hats and stood near me. In the close warm shop the smell of rose petals and tea stupefied. The chant lost meaning and became a broad humming, a warm sound like the floral smell of the attar. The Mohammaden bent close to the leg, applying his hands to the wound.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Time blurred. Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad leapt to his feet yelling invective at the Mohammaden whose hands were thick with attar. He knocked the glasses of tea over. \uc0{\u8220}My god, that burns like fire,\uc0{\u8221} he bellowed. \uc0{\u8220}What the hell are you doing?\uc0{\u8221} The Mohammaden continued chanting softly and paid Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad no mind. He washed the attar from his hands in a bowl of water on which rose petals floated.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}May god grant you serenity,\uc0{\u8221} he said, and he went on chanting.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad got Kearney to threaten Ah Hung if he didn\uc0{\u8217}t have the Mohammedan removed from the souk but Ah Hung did nothing. Kearney said he belonged with the Hindoos and if Ah Hung kicked him out the city could tolerate having him in Alderbrook, so long as he kept to himself and his kind. But what was his kind? The Mohammaden spoke like an Englishman and acted Chinese. Hindoos welcomed him but no more than they welcomed whites. He did not worship with them. At the door of the Chinamen souk Ah Hung greeted me placidly, as always. Nothing had changed. It was too bad Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad had sensitive skin. \uc0{\u8220}Who knew?\uc0{\u8221} he asked, and he raised his hands.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Mohammaden was not there. A sign said City of Wool would open in the afternoon, at the time when I usually visited. He might have gone out walking, or to gather flowers. I went to 22ndrd and took the trumpet from its box and blew it loud. Jens came, and then Slavoj could be seen walking earnestly up the hill with a newspaper in his hand. Eric was nowhere.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The Astoria has news reels of the Terminus,\uc0{\u8221} Slavoj announced, brandishing the paper. \uc0{\u8220}And the canal.\uc0{\u8221} Then he read out loud: \uc0{\u8220}The people of the Lower Columbia will be given the opportunity to see, free of cost, the moving picture films of the big celebrations given on June 3rd at Flavel and Astoria showing the driving of the first piles on the Hill terminals, the turning of the first earth on the Columbia Highway at Westport, and other modern wonders. The exhibition will be given free of charge under the auspices of F.C. Harley, recently of Des Moines, Iowa, now a resident of Astoria, and one of our city\uc0{\u8217}s most vigorous boosters.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A line formed down 12th. Jens showed initiative fetching bottled soda for those waiting. He took orders and ran to Owen & Peeke\uc0{\u8217}s for a profit of a penny a bottle. The German underwater cable has been severed and Schmidt claimed that British naval submarines had descended to the ocean floor and cut through it. The crowd pressed into the lobby and we found empty orchestra seats.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr. Harley introduced the program, comparing Astoria favorably to Des Moines. \uc0{\u8220}Turn your eyes away from the East,\uc0{\u8221} he sermonized. \uc0{\u8220}For you are the City of the Future.\uc0{\u8221} A chord from the organ lent portent and the house lights went out. I could see nothing in the close heat. Light burst upon the screen, silhouetting rows of hatless men and women. A multitude came into focus, poised beside the river, a timber dais above them. Herky-jerky motions of the Mayor, face big as a house, chopping air. I glimpsed Jedah in Kinney\uc0{\u8217}s rented chair, a smear in the crowd beside a panorama of boats, the Mayor and Mr. Hill, and then the first pile driven. A drum beat marked the blows of the mechanical hammer. The picture split, tilted, burned, and was pulled away. The house lights brightened.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Slavoj jeered and there was whistling. We shouted and were drowned out by general merriment. In front with Kearney and Mr. Harle, I saw Eric and his dad with his leg in a splint. Eric was dressed well and sat without moving. I shouted his name and he did not turn. His dad turned and glared. The lights dimmed again and I could not see.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The black and white field burst open again. Chinook salmon rose on block tackle above the docks. Crowds downtown watched fireworks. Brilliant flowers bloomed and died in the night, flashing gems in darkness. A bird struggled in a gill net, black wings scratching a white screen. Hollowed reeds bent on Young\uc0{\u8217}s River bay. Trolley cars circled the Bond street roundhouse. Picture followed picture, like stitches, so the city became flat and patterned like fabric, and my attention was caught in its progress until my neck became sore.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next day was glorious. A fresh breeze blew smoke upriver and the scarred hillsides stood out brown and green against the blue sky. Jens said we should hike over Coxcomb Hill and down the Young\uc0{\u8217}s River side to get a box lunch from Olney landing. We\uc0{\u8217}d hitch to the Falls and swim all day, heading home before dark.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We found Slavoj outside the Pythians. I saw the younger Finn boy. \uc0{\u8220}Paska,\uc0{\u8221} I yelled, because it was the only word I knew. \uc0{\u8220}Slav,\uc0{\u8221} he yelled back, and he joined us. By the pump house we caught a ride with Sunnyside milk truck to Young\uc0{\u8217}s River road. Pieces of Marconi\uc0{\u8217}s radio tower lay on shore near fresh pilings in the bay. Deer bolted from the water\uc0{\u8217}s edge. Metal struts glinted in the sun. We walked east up the river. Black berries big as my thumb hung from tall sticker bushes. First we ate from down low and then the Finn boy showed us how to drag the top ones down by jumping into the wall of brambles, arms balled around your head, so the thicket gets pulled down on you. It scratched but I\uc0{\u8217}ve never eaten such big sweet berries.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At Olney landing Mrs. Olson gave us fresh pie with our box lunch. She made it with huckleberries. Lemons were a luxury, she said, on account of the belligerence in Europe. A jitney driving to a show along Miller Creek dropped us near the trailhead. It was hot. In the woods we stripped and were savages on the path to Young\uc0{\u8217}s River Falls. There were butterflies and salmon berries, and then the woods opened near the river. Jens jumped from a tree into deep water. Sun burned down where the canopy opened, and for a while we lay naked on the rocks getting hard. The Finn boy kept it hard in the water. His body was as white as alabaster, his hair fine as light. We climbed the cliff, wet in the mists from the cataract, and dared each other to jump. No one jumped. In the sand, when the sun reached it, Jens and the Finn boy wrestled like Greeks. I fell asleep watching. They slept too, and we woke up in shadow.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We gathered our clothes and walked out. Late sun dappled the tree tops. I recalled patterns from the moving pictures, black on white, but was unsure. Along the Olney road last light flooded the dust as we entered a cut. No one spoke. The sky turned orange and gold above clearcut hills. We walked a long time. The sun hung then disappeared. A big Ford with a steam donkey chained to its frame pulled up. Jens rode in the cab and the rest of us got on back with the donkey, and then we were home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Fire crowned the hills. A salmon arched across mud, as if walking toward the river. A sign is the proof of nothing. Slavoj found ambergris on the beach near Gearhart. I had forgotten the Mohammaden, playing cards with Jedah for several nights, but in the bright moonlight Jedah fell asleep watching dredge Clatsop move east toward us, inching closer. The moon cast shadows. I walked on the trestle to 14th where a crowd of drunks paid me no mind. I might have been nothing. At City of Wool I watched the Mohammaden rest his toe on a smoothed nail on a board and begin to turn. The air was full of music, although I knew the hall to be quiet then. The music quickened as he spun. The music was in his motion, circles spinning within spinning circles. Cantonese opera through the walls. There were chickens and then a Chinese boy chasing them. Candles kept water heated beneath a screen of dried lavender and this made the air sweet. Light burst then receded as men passed through. My body emptied and filled. The heart is a reed for the breath of god to enter. The Mohammaden continued spinning. I knew nothing behind me, nor in front, only circles expanding, turning and turning inward, and then I walked home. Electrical lights cast shadows of pile drivers on the fog above the river. Sea lions barked. The seiner\uc0{\u8217}s barge left Schmidt\uc0{\u8217}s pier. Streaks of dawn from the east above hills touched drunk men who fell on Astor Street. Ah Hung sprayed them with a hose.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kearney took his complaint against the Mohammaden to Mr. Lee who organized a hearing. Ah Hung brought a chicken for his oath and, after he chopped the head off, gave the chicken to Mr. Lee. Kearney didn\uc0{\u8217}t show. Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad was made to bring the charges and ask the questions. He took an oath on a Bible. I was a witness, but no one questioned me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr. Lee asked the Mohammaden what he\uc0{\u8217}d done to Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I did nothing, by the blessings of god,\uc0{\u8221} he said. \uc0{\u8220}The prophet is the healer. I make him present.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}But what did you do to him?\uc0{\u8221} Mr. Lee asked again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Some lavender, prayer, an attar of nettles, more prayer. I brought together the paths of healing; the prophet moved through them.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You poisoned me,\uc0{\u8221} Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Your faith is weak. Look now, how nimbly you move.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You said you were a doctor.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I said nothing.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Why did you come to him,\uc0{\u8221} Mr. Lee asked, \uc0{\u8220}If you doubted him? There are other doctors.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I was told he was good.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Why didn\uc0{\u8217}t you see Dr. Kinney if you wanted white medicine?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It was late.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You were ashamed.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I was drunk.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}And how is your leg now?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s much better.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Then you have no complaint,\uc0{\u8221} Mr. Lee said. \uc0{\u8220}If you want to do business with Chinese or City of Wool don\uc0{\u8217}t complain. Ah Hung will be cordial if you come, and you should be cordial too.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kearney was unhappy with Mr. Lee\uc0{\u8217}s decision, but there was nothing he could do to change it. No one accused me of leading Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad to the souk and maybe no one recalled it. I felt guilty because I knew I had done so, but I agreed with Mr. Lee: Eric\uc0{\u8217}s dad had no complaint; the Mohammaden had cured his injury.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Alderbrook Hindoos chartered ships to sail for India. With the British fighting in Europe Gadarites would return home in numbers and bring an end to colonial rule. They hoped their brethren from San Francisco, Vancouver, and other cities of the West would join them. They chartered Japanese ships that could sail without fear of attack. Just a handful of workers remained at the Hammond Mill. The mill would hire Slavs, but Slavs don\uc0{\u8217}t take Hindoo wages, so they\uc0{\u8217}re hired kids with no experience. Jens and Slavoj got jobs there, but I have no interest.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jedah sat by the window with the hose. He sprayed the rose bushes. The stopcock was worn and dripped water whenever he closed it. The floor buckled beneath the sill where he spent a lot of time watering. He\uc0{\u8217}d been restless all day, dragging himself around the house. Most of the fires had burned themselves out. The river was crowded with British barques docked to avoid German warships. The canneries were idle, slowed by poor runs. Jedah read The Count of Monte Cristo and slept. I must have slept too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At some late hour Jedah\uc0{\u8217}s screams woke me. His body was rigid and he could not unclaw his hands. It was not like him to scream from pain. His eyes were dull, and when he thrashed I could do nothing because he was too strong. For some time I sat on the floor beside him. Moonlight fell in patterns across my arms. Jedah\uc0{\u8217}s breathing slowed and he became quiet, though his body stayed stiff. I left him and ran to the box and took the trumpet and blew it, though not very loud. The trumpet was the only sound at that hour. It set dogs barking that woke Eric and he ran to me in his overalls while everyone else stayed sleeping.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jedah was very heavy. His eyes came into focus. He was peaceful but could not help us. We dragged him out the door and levered him into the vegetable cart. Eric threw a blanket over his legs and this made Jedah\uc0{\u8217}s eyes smile. Passing the rose stems Jedah startled and said \uc0{\u8220}What has happened to my roses?\uc0{\u8221} I said nothing. The wheels rattled on the trestle boards and then ran smoother when we got to packed dirt. Crows cawed in the woods behind us. We saw no one. The city was an empty stage that could be folded up and moved before morning. Eric asked no questions. He knew where we were going.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ah Hung sat by the door smoking. He rose when he saw us, looked at Jedah, and sighed, \uc0{\u8220}another unfortunate man.\uc0{\u8221} The doorway was too narrow for the cart and Ah Hung lifted Jedah in his arms to carry him inside. The Mohammaden slept on a sheepskin. Candles guttered beneath vessels of green water. A Chinese boy slept under the table of cloaks beside piles of fern stems scattered on the floor. We lay Jedah\uc0{\u8217}s head on the leather cushion and threw a cloak on him. He was tired but he came to and said he was fine. I woke the Mohammaden, who at first resisted me. The Chinese boy drew water for tea and the Mohammaden recognized my voice.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jedah looked around the alcove, fingering the cloak. His hands had relaxed. He looked at the felt hats and the vessels and at the Mohammaden and whispered hoarsely, \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re Sufi.\uc0{\u8221} The Mohammaden nodded yes. \uc0{\u8220}Are you a dervish?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, by god\uc0{\u8217}s blessing.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}How strange.\uc0{\u8221} Jedah sighed, and he tried settling. \uc0{\u8220}Where are we?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The City of Wool.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We\uc0{\u8217}re in the Chinamen souk,\uc0{\u8221} I told him. \uc0{\u8220}Mr. Pasa is a doctor. You\uc0{\u8217}ve had a spell.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I feel much stronger,\uc0{\u8221} Jedah said. \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m exhausted.\uc0{\u8221} He closed his eyes and was quiet. We stayed a long time. The Mohammaden chanted and walked over Jedah\uc0{\u8217}s back. In the spinning sound of his chant I heard also the sound of shouting and doors breaking. Beyond our vision Ah Hung greeted Kearney and Officer Harris, who had earlier been knocked unconscious by a thrown beer bottle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Open the door, Ah Hung. We want the Hindoo.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ah Hung was cordial. \uc0{\u8220}You are mistaken Mr. Kearney. There are no Hindoo here. We are only Chinamen.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Open the door,\uc0{\u8221} Kearney repeated.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Of course, Mr. Kearney.\uc0{\u8221} And Ah Hung opened the door so that Kearney and Harris could rush in. But it was not our door. Their angry voices ran along nearby walls to a second hallway that opened onto other rooms and other men whose surprised panic could be heard together with Kearney\uc0{\u8217}s shouted curses. Around and around us, Ah Hung led them through doors and down hallways while the Mohammaden continued his chanting and Jedah slept beneath his feet.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the City of Wool one always listens. No blessing goes unnoticed. If a poor man comes he is given money. A hungry man gets food. The sick are made well. In the City of Wool there is justice in submission and wisdom in silence. I am learning to breathe. Only now do I understand prosperity, that it neither comes nor goes. The Mohammaden returned with us to Scow Bay. We pushed Jedah in the cart, with cloaks and felt and the ney. That evening, after Jedah fell asleep beside the window, the Mohammaden gave me a gift. I took the cloak from him and entered the City of Wool.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}