{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy04\hr14\min28\sec01}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy04\hr14\min28\sec01}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the dusty and uneven roads of this city, I walk, not seeing a living human being, only walking death. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Walking death full of regret and desire, full of anger and remorse, full of hatred and despair\uc0{\u8230}full of fear and restlessness\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I can see various groups of those; one of them is called the group of men, whose ages range from around 20 to 50.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I can see what\uc0{\u8217}s within them: a sense of anger and regret at 50%, a sense of remorse and hater of self at 20%, a sense of indebtedness at 30%, and\uc0{\u160} risk taking at 0%.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ah, how sorrowful is their state. Imagine \uc0{\u8211} to have the regret of longing for something that you did not strive for, yet the lingering sense of fear still prevents you from even trying, just once, for what you truly desire.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You know, among the people of this city, I have heard murmurs that say a while ago, the women and girls of this city were hanged with pens and books. In a bizarre manner, This time, they were buried in black and blue shrouds where only their eyes were visible, but this group was merely spectators. It\uc0{\u8217}s no wonder their percentage of remorse is so high.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I see another group over there, called the group of women or the \uc0{\u8221}weaker gender\uc0{\u8221}; their age range is approximately 20 to 50 years old. Within them, 60% is a sense of regret and hopelessness, 30% is self-hatred and hatred towards society, and 10% is a sense of movement and risk-taking.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I feel a sense of belonging to this group. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know why?! }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what their strange gaze is for, perhaps they have hatred for me in their hearts, or perhaps they want something from me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But I have never seen them before, why should they look at me with such anger?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 How difficult is it for them, to offer a smile\uc0{\u8230}. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Calm down, my story is not going to be like that of the writer who wrote,\uc0{\u160} if someone smiled at me by the end of that bridge, I would refrain from committing suicide.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Apart from these words, it is strange why they have to behave in such a way, as if they have no heart within them. Why should they torment me like this?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But today, I strongly know the feelings of that writer\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I also see a group of elder over there, calmly and immediately leaning against the stones. Do you know why they are leaning on those stones?? }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Out of fear of falling, but unaware that in their other hand they have canes that their children have made for them, hoping that perhaps they will no longer lean on those stones.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Even though i don\uc0{\u8217}t know them, I love them dearly from the bottom of my heart, their gaze with those bloodshot eyes troubles me. Isn\uc0{\u8217}t it interesting? My very existence seems to disturb them as well.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wish I could be like a secret that is never revealed, and that there would be no trace of me either. So that they can feel calm.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Their inner thoughts are not completely clear to me either, I only see a sense of clinging to past beliefs, and no interest in major change and transformation in them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One could talk to them and ask why my presence in this path disturbs them. But this time I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to ask, I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to fight, for there is no other strength left.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Is it not unjust to waste my life this way???}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There is also a group over there with weapons in hand, watching over all these groups, but I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what this group is and who they are. They are wearing strange clothes, hats on their heads, long beards, and baggy pants that reveal part of their ankles. I can barely see into their inner selves.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What a dark inner they have. I\uc0{\u8217}m strangely afraid of them. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know why, but I have a sense of resentment towards them in my heart. I see nothing in them but a sense of being righteous, chosen, and ambitious. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That darkness within them is truly terrifying \uc0{\u8211} when I look into its depths, I see what hatred and detestation lies there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The resentment and detestation towards that second group\uc0{\u8230} but why?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Even when they look at them, the percentage of their hatred also increases. It will not be surprising if they find a trace of this group behind all the commotion in this city.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From the other side, I hear the sound of laughter, a harmless group. What light is within them. It\uc0{\u8217}s difficult to fathom their emotions. They are around 5 to 20 years old. It is strange, I cannot find a name for their feelings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They are not worried, but they are not calm either. They do not have the heart to stay in this city, but they do not have the desire to leave either. Even more strange is that this group, although half of its members are from the first group and half from the second group, look at each other with such enthusiasm and fervor as if they do not know what nightmare \uc0{\u8204} this life have for them, as if this world has been built in the way they themselves wished.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I see a desire in turning the page in them. How can I make them understand that the page does not always have to be turned, perhaps this time the book will be closed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ah, if you could see them, they are not strangers, but they are not from what I have seen in this city either.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ah, at this moment, I deeply empathize with their mood, even for a moment, in exchange for my entire life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What a bad gamble\uc0{\u8230}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One of the small girls from that group looks at me. Her gaze is nice but she seems a little frightened. She quickly approaches me with a lot of urgency.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She tells me to leave this place as soon as possible.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But I need to find the judge of this city.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This city does not have a judge.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However, I must deliver a message to someone who is responsible for this nation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So go to the global judge.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Where can he be found?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I don\uc0{\u8217}t know, but leave this place as soon as possible, before they see you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I\uc0{\u8217}m afraid of her fear, but I must deliver this message to the global judge.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Perhaps they don\uc0{\u8217}t know the murderer?! Where is the detective of this city or the global judge? I see something strange in that group. I need to give this clue to them as soon as possible, because this group may be behind the bloody commotion of the people in this city. I must find the them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I most find them\uc0{\u8230}..}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I\uc0{\u8217}m running, running, but why can\uc0{\u8217}t I reach? Oh sun, your sunburst is torturing me, why have you become so scorching today? But sun, let me solve the mystery of this city first, and then I will be the hero, and you will forever be ashamed for being so scorching today.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I love you, the sweet earthy scent that rises behind me from the intensity of my running, you calm me down. How delicate and heartwarming you are, you remind me of my childhood days.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stop, stop, oh girl, I\uc0{\u8217}m with you. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What is this sound? It\uc0{\u8217}s that strange group again, why are they telling me to stop? Why are they constantly chasing me? Maybe that little girl was right, I should have gone home as soon as possible. But I have to find world judge, I have to run faster.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I Stopped? Why? }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What is this that caused me to fall to the ground?? A stone?! Hey stone how can you be so thoughtless and cruel in such a situation? Let me see, is this not the same stone that the elders of this city and their previous generations leaned on? But why did they have to leave it here? Why did it have to block my way and knock me down today??!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But I have found the bloody murderer of this nation, I was just about to reach world judge!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That group is getting closer and closer, and from this angle they look even more terrifying. I\uc0{\u8217}m scared, I\uc0{\u8217}m scared, now I see them towering over me, and their beards are truly long.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I want to scream, but it seems this dagger no longer wants to cooperate with me, perhaps it knows it\uc0{\u8217}s futile now. After all, there is no living person in this city, only those walking death\uc0{\u8230} For whom should I scream??}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why did everything suddenly turn dark\uc0{\u8230} Why did everything suddenly turn dark\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Oh absolute darkness, you have finally found me! Is it not too soon? Is it not unjust? After all, I am only 20 years old. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It should not have ended this unfairly, oh elders whose stone blocked my path today. Perhaps you are responsible for half the tragedy of today and the bloody murders of the people of this city.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I don\uc0{\u8217}t know. Perhaps it\uc0{\u8217}s just because you acted unjustly, thoughtlessly, and selfishly. Maybe it\uc0{\u8217}s because you\uc0{\u8217}ve raised these walking death with such indifference\uc0{\u8230}But you shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t be blamed, the fault lies in the location where you grew up, the circumstances that led you to trust and lean on these stones, the fault of your ancestors who convinced you to rely on these stones. Perhaps your only fault is believing in everything you didn\uc0{\u8217}t choose yourself\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I will not let it end this way. I will sprout again, in another time, in another body, and next time I will be much stronger than this \uc0{\u8230}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Oh absolute darkness, going with you is not as terrible as they say, but I wish you had let me tell my old and disheveled father, my withered young mother, my siblings full of unfulfilled dreams and regrets, that \uc0{\u8221}I love them.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 here is some metaphor I used in my story:Stones: Clinging to past beliefs, and no interest in major change and transformation}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Canes: New generation hopes on reality\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 World nightmare: To mark gender differences on some}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Turning the page: A desire for situation change}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 World judge: Human right voice }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sunburst: slanders behind women}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 absolute darkness: death }}\par
\sect
}