{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy18\hr20\min59\sec06}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy18\hr20\min59\sec06}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The clay Pot}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s clay pot was the most respected object in the kitchen. Grandmother always recommend us to cooking using her pot. We could cook in the pot traditional food such as corn and bean mixed and boiled together in the pot, and potatoes, wow what a wonderful and delicious meal it was, giving it a distinct taste that couldn\uc0{\u8217}t be replicated by any other cooking vessel.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Some days, grandmother would start preparing beans in the morning, soaking the corn and beans in water, and grinding the spices. Should would light a charcoal fire in the backyard, and once the embers were glowing, she would place the pot over the fire and let it cook for a moment. The aroma of the cooing in the clay pot would waft through the entire neighborhood, and neighbors would come knocking on our door, asking if they could have a taste. My grandmother was always happy to share her food and would dish out generous portions to whoever came to our house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As a child, I loved watching my grandmother cook in the clay pot. I would sit on the kitchen floor, my eyes glued to her every move, as she added garlic, onions, and salt, stirred the pot, and adjusted the heat by adding fire wood to the fire. I love the sound of the bubbling beans and corn as it cooked. And the smell was heavenly. My grandmother would often sing hymns while cooking. Some she would tell me stories as we wait for food to get ready.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When the food was ready my siblings and I would sit on the mat as grand mother served us the food in bowls, how sweet the food was. Most of the times I loved it not that warm, preferred eating it after it has cooled down. Mom, Dad and Grandmother would eat at the backyard in a shade under the tree. How I miss eating food cooked in the clay pot.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I grew up, a clay pot became more than just a cooking vessel, it was a symbol of my family\uc0{\u8217}s history, a reminder of my grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s love and dedication to her family, and a connection to my cultural heritage. It was a link between the past and the present, a tangible object that held memories and stories.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Today, we have a clay pot that sits in my mother\uc0{\u8217}s kitchen, but not used to cook food, no one particularly kids are allowed to touch it as it fragile. Its purpose is to remind us of the history and wonderful moments in my grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s life here on earth. The clay pot is a treasure in our family. Every time I see it, I am transported back to my childhood, to my grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s kitchen, and to a time when life was simpler, and family were cherished.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}