{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy16\hr13\min19\sec01}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy16\hr13\min19\sec01}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Cold Days Part II}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Have you ever thought of committing suicide? Letting all what you have fought for vanish into thin air? Many people commit suicide because of heartbreak but mine was because of trauma and stress. Just to rewind your memories back. I fled my home country Burundi because of tribalism and conflict that was there between my mother\uc0{\u8217}s family and my father\uc0{\u8217}s. I was four-years old. My mum is a Hutu and my father is a Tutsi. My father was killed by his brothers because he refused to leave my mum and us. Before my father died, due to threat and torture, my mum took us to our grandmother and we stayed at her in-laws\uc0{\u8217} place. After my dad passed away my mum was attacked but she escaped after they set her house on fire. They followed us to my grandma\uc0{\u8217}s place and also set the house on fire for us to die at night, but we escaped and my grandma sustained burn injuries.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We migrated to Uganda but my grandma thought that my mum had not followed us and she sent home a letter with all the details to inform her how to find us. Unfortunately the letter reached our father\uc0{\u8217}s brothers and they followed us to Uganda and I was stabbed with a knife but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t die. This was the worst moment of my life. I felt like I was holding death in my small bare hands. I lost a lot of blood. The villagers were all shocked and scared at the same time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This made the village leaders ask us to move away since they didn\uc0{\u8217}t want more problems. The local security guided us and we boarded a bus to Kenya and arrived at the UNHCR office in Nairobi. I was still in total pain but we had to travel. It was a one-day journey to Kenya and we had no money to buy food. All I was taking was painkillers to help reduce the pain of the wound. When we arrived they took me to the hospital to treat my wound since I was even urinating blood. We stayed in Nairobi for two or three weeks. We were sleeping outside the UNHCR office. We did not have money to buy food and water. We had to beg for money by the roadside in order to get something to eat. Sometimes we went to the hotels and restaurants to ask for leftovers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On December 18, 2005, UNHCR gave us money for transport to the Kakuma refugee camp. Kakuma refugee camp is located in Turkana County, a rift valley province in Kenya. It comprises of many nationalities from the African continent and even Asia. They told us we have to go to a refugee camp because that is where we deserve to be and we will be helped. We were so happy that finally we are going to get help or maybe a home. They also gave us some money for meals on our way to Kakuma. The journey was long and tiresome. It took us two days from Nairobi to Kakuma. It was such a tiresome journey. Being a child with a knife wound traveling hundreds of kilometers I felt like was going to die in that bus. We arrived in the camp at around 5:00pm (East African Time).}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This is how i ended up in this camp. In 2015, my family was called for a UNHCR interview so that to be resettled to a third country. We were so happy and we felt that God has finally answered our prayers. This is because we had faced many challenges and our lives were in a mess so we needed a place far from here. A place where we can have the opportunity to rebuild our lives by this i mean to be resettled to a third country. This was our everyday prayer. Therefore by being called for the resettlement interview, we were so happy and exited. It was the first step of our prayer being answered. We prepared ourselves well and went for the interview. The interview was successful and they told us to wait for a period of two weeks for the feedback.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We anxiously waited for two weeks. Immediately after the two weeks we were called again to the UNHCR office. The UNHCR officer told us, \uc0{\u8220}I am so glad to inform you that your file reached the United States embassy and you have been approved to start your resettlement process to United States of America.\uc0{\u8221} He handed us the acceptance letter from the embassy. My grandmother who was the head of the family received the letter and said, \uc0{\u8220}thank you Sir\uc0{\u8221} while crying tears of joy. We were all very happy. \uc0{\u8220} you may go home now and wait for a call from International Organization for Migration (IOM)\uc0{\u8221} the officer added. We stood up and went back home happily. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a week, we received a call from IOM called us to go for an interview. We went and finished the interview. They told us to go back and wait for the last phase of the interview. We waited and after one week we were called. We finished the last phase of the interview and we were again told to wait for the last decision from the embassy. After two weeks, we were called by IOM to collect our decision letters. When we collected the letters, we were so shocked to read that we have been rejected by the The United States embassy. We panicked and confused at the same time. I asked myself,\uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u8220}why are we rejected?\uc0{\u8221} I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have answers to this question. The whole family was sad and crying. \uc0{\u8220} how can we be rejected after staying in the camp for 10 years?\uc0{\u8221} My mother asked. I remember that day i was so stressed until i ran while crying from the IOM office to home. A distance of around 10km without resting. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I reached home and slept. I woke up after 3 hours and my whole body was paining. My eyes were swollen. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t feel my face. I felt so hopeless. I saw that all my dreams have crashed. The entire family was so sad. I remember we neither cooked nor ate for 2 days conservatively. We were mourning for our broken hopes. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe this was really happening to us. How could they be so unfair to us. What had we done to deserve that? I even thought it was a dream that I wished to wake up from it. All I was thinking about is eliminating myself from all the pain and agony that I was going through. I thought of committing suicide in order to erase myself from existence. }}\par
\sect
}