{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy08\hr02\min21\sec14}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy08\hr02\min21\sec14}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was winter and the snowflakes fell on the ground slowly and silently, making the uneven ground white and beautiful like jasmine blossoms. The clouds were dancing and solid, snow grains were falling to the ground.\uc0{\u160} The sky was white and the sun had not been shining for a while.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Others\uc0{\u8217}lives are changed by warm and green spring, but my life was changed by cold and white winter.\uc0{\u160} Basically, spring is the season of falling in love, but I experienced the warm and heartless feeling of falling in love in winter.\uc0{\u160} Winter embraced me like a kind mother so that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t feel its coldness at all, and the same cold winter gave me a gift like a generous friend that connected my life to a sense of peace but at the same time full of chaos.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And this is how I fell in love with winter}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was hired in one of the literacy projects by a foreign institution.\uc0{\u160} This project was such that we had to go to remote areas from the capital of Afghanistan to create many literacy classes for people who are deprived of literacy and teach them different subjects.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My superiors decided to go on a long trip to Badakhshan province (Afghanistan).\uc0{\u160} And I gave my mind, my heart and my being to the expanses of this journey.\uc0{\u160} A trip far from me but close to my heart, a trip that showed me the beauties of life, and made me fall in love with winter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Finally, after spending a long time and traveling a very difficult way, we reached Badakhshan province.\uc0{\u160} The weather was very cold and it was as if the sky was not going to tell the clouds to stop snowing.\uc0{\u160} We stayed the night in the center of Badakhshan province.\uc0{\u160} My group members and I were very tired and slept early at night. The next day, we continued our half way again, they said that the road to the lover is hard, but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know that this is the same uneven but glorious road to fall in love.\uc0{\u160} Finally, after spending three and a half hours, we reached our destination, an area called Wakhan, which is located in the eastern part of Badakhshan Province and has a population of 18,000 people.\uc0{\u160} My team and I were going to do something difficult but useful.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For me and my colleagues, they had already provided an almost equipped building to stay.\uc0{\u160} We rested on the first day and started our work on the second day.\uc0{\u160} On the second day, we woke up on time and went to the field office, where they explained the work process to us, we started to enumerate and register the people who were in need. There was no school there, of course there was no school for girls, so we had prepared an area for teaching women.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our central department colleagues had already written a list of names of those who wanted to learn literacy.\uc0{\u160} I and two of my female colleagues went to the teaching place. That day was the first day and we waited for the ladies from Wakhan region of Badakhshan province to come from 8 am, but not all the ladies came to the class that day.\uc0{\u160} This was normal because some women were busy with their daily work and some of them were not allowed by their husbands, fathers or brothers to come to the class.\uc0{\u160} We should have prepared lecture classes to motivate those sections of the society that did not allow girls and women to come to the classes, so that maybe we could change their mentality that women don\uc0{\u8217}t need education.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To prepare the classes, I needed someone who knows all the people of that area well, and want to help a woman like me, unlike other men of that land who hate working women.\uc0{\u160} Finally, after a lot of searching and getting help from the district attorney (an elderly person who is in charge of regulating and overseeing a specific district) we were able to find hope. M\uc0{\u305}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Omid, whose name means hope, became a hope for the lives of all women in the Wakhan region.\uc0{\u160} And of course, there was hope in my life, the life of someone who did not believe in love, affection, trust and falling in love.\uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160}Omid was the meaning of all these words that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t believe in.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Omid was a 27-year-old boy, with a height of approximately 172 cm,}}\par
\sect
}