{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy07\hr18\min47\sec48}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy07\hr18\min47\sec48}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I thought I have awakened from my dream the day I met a guy who promised to take me to Australia. I had a friend who stayed in the United States of America since 2017. We could chat but not that much. However, my friend would call me through WhatsApp and check on how I was doing. One day during our chat, I told her that I have a dream of migrating to Australia. Nevertheless, I had no idea how that would happen. We stayed for a couple of years without talking about that but I did not know that my friend took that in mind and decided to remember me once she found an opportunity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In 2019, I received a call from my long-time friend asking me if I was still serious about the idea of migrating to Australia. I told her that I was very interested but I doubt if it is that simple yet I am a refugee and it is hard for refugees to travel since they do not hold passports. She assured me that it was possible if I was still interested. I told her that I am willing to do whatever it may cost for just me to leave the refugee camp. She then sent me a contact of a person who came from Finland and claimed to help refugees migrate to different countries like Australia, Finland, Sweden, and the United States.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After getting in contact with that person who promised to get me to the country of my dream, I was super happy. I called the person at night and we agreed to meet the next day. But he told me that I should come with a copy of my refugee status, UNHCR identification card, and 750000 Malawian Kwacha to pay as an advance. The person told me that I would pay the 1000000 Malawian Kwacha after the who process was completed and it was my time to leave the refugee camp. I was convinced that the guy was not a scammer after telling me that I will pay the other bigger amount after the whole process was completed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It felt like the world has fallen on my head when I lost the money I saved for over three years and lost it in a single day. I thought that the suffering has finished yet it was the beginning of the real suffering after losing my money. It was around 7 pm when I reached the venue where we agreed to meet. He grabbed the documents that I carried with me and assured me that I would be traveling within two weeks\uc0{\u8217} time. I could not listen to my instincts that the guy was scamming me. The minute I left the venue was the last time I saw and heard from the guy. His phone was not reachable every time I wanted to call him. I was so confused and run out of ideas. I can say that I became a crazy person. I could not take it and understand that I have lost my money in the way of trying to chase my dream.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wish I had met the guy again and told him how I suffered to get the money that I gave him. I understood that people are heartless after a guy who looked successful scammed a poor guy like me. When I tried to contact my friend from the United States of America to ask her about the guy\uc0{\u8217}s whereabouts, she told me that when she texts the guy, he does not respond. I was so confused and still confused about how people in this world can be so cruel to people who are trying to search for a living. I will never forget that I was scammed for trying to chase my Australian dream. I have not given up, I will have peace after stepping into Australia.}}\par
\sect
}