{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy13\hr04\min36\sec21}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy13\hr04\min36\sec21}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Knock! knock! knock! Someone opened the door,\uc0{\u8221} Hey, Innocent! Was it you? Good to see you again !\uc0{\u8221} We hugged ,\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} Come on in. It\uc0{\u8217}s been too long since we last met.\uc0{\u8221} Charles yelled at me with a warm smile spread across his face; I felt at home in his embrace.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Innocent, tell me, how\uc0{\u8217}s life been treating you there? I\uc0{\u8217}ve missed your entertaining stories!\uc0{\u8221} Charles said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} War has become our way of life in Mpulo. Not a day goes by without hearing the sound of gunshots.\uc0{\u8221} I said.\uc0{\u8221} What about you, how has life been treating you here?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} Really, gunshots?\uc0{\u8221} Charles said.\uc0{\u8221} There isn\uc0{\u8217}t such a thing like gunshots here in Bwabe; We are safe and enjoy life normally.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While engaging in our conversation, we heard,\uc0{\u8221} lunch time, everyone! Please, welcome to the table.\uc0{\u8221} It was Charles \uc0{\u8217} mother yelling at us. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know his parents\uc0{\u8217} names because I never heard people calling them by names, instead they called them \uc0{\u8221} maman Charles, and baba Charles.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We approached the table; Baba Charles washed his hands first while his wife introduced me to him,\uc0{\u8221} Baba Charles, please meet Innocent, Charles \uc0{\u8217} best friend, he lives in Ndunje. \uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} You came to visit Mbombo from Ndunje, you must be tired and hungry, let\uc0{\u8217}s quench our hunger first and then we will chill.\uc0{\u8221} Baba Charles said. \uc0{\u8221} Yes Sir! \uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was second to wash my hands, then Charles. We were just three at that table and maman Charles was eating from the kitchen with Charles \uc0{\u8217} four siblings. Soon after Baba Charles offered a thanksgiving prayer, I extended my right hand and reached the Ugali, ( cassava bread ) . I dug a piece into the chicken meat sauce, then I scooped a gizzard, and took a bite. Charles looked at me with a sharp eye, I knew he wanted to communicate something,\uc0{\u8221} what?\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Abruptly, Baba Charles stood up, before touching any meals at the table, he called out to his wife ,\uc0{\u8221} maman Charles, maman Charles!\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221} Yes, darling !\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Is this man Charles\uc0{\u8217} s friend or my replacement?\uc0{\u8221} Charles held his head; and i was confused, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t understand why Baba Charles referred me to his replacement. \uc0{\u8221} Baba Charles,what are you saying?\uc0{\u8221} Mama Charles said. The room fell into a sudden silence, everyone in the sitting room turned their eyes on me. Looking at my right hand, I held a gizzard,\uc0{\u8221} what is it ?\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Is this how your parents raised you?\uc0{\u8221} Bana Charles said. I was silent, lost in confusion. \uc0{\u8221} Now, you must buy another chicken.\uc0{\u8221} Baba Charles said as he crossed his arms.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As Mama Charles entered into the kitchen , Charles leaned over and murmured in my ear, \uc0{\u8221}You fool, you see, the chicken gizzard is a precious offer among my family. Only the man of the house is allowed to eat up this small, yet meaningful internal organ of the chicken.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Briefly paused, then continued,\uc0{\u8221}But this small piece of chicken has caused many quarrels between husbands and wives. It\uc0{\u8217}s as if the gizzard holds some mystical power, capable of causing divorce among married couples.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He nodded and then continued, \uc0{\u8221}Young men and visitors don\uc0{\u8217}t even dare to think of reaching for the gizzard. That would be an insult to the man of the house, and a challenge to his authority. It is a clan tradition that we value, but which can also divide us.\uc0{\u8221} Mama Charles came back, carrying a pot of cooked chicken ; She poured the entire sauce on the plate and put it before me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Oh, my God!\uc0{\u8221} I said, \uc0{\u8221}please, don\uc0{\u8217}t do this, forgive me. I did not know about your culture.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}At your home, when you cut off a chicken, who eats the gizzard \uc0{\u8211} you or your father?\uc0{\u8221} Mama Charles asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Only my mother can\uc0{\u8217}t eat the gizzard, but my father and I, or a male visitor, are the only ones who can. There\uc0{\u8217}s never been any problem with it.\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}That is not the case here. Since you have already eaten the gizzard, you must now finish the entire chicken set before you. Then, you will go and buy another chicken w}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 ith your own money.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}You have disrespected me in my own house. This is not acceptable behavior when dining with adults.\uc0{\u8221} Baba Charles said. I felt guilty, so I started thinking about why I left home to visit Charles.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Baba Charles and Mama Charles exchanged glances, and Mama Charles intervened, \uc0{\u8221}Darling, it is true that he did not know our culture. Forgive him, please !\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 recalling the details of the previous incident, Baba Charles nodded his head gently, and Mama Charles continued, \uc0{\u8221} You know in their culture, it is expected that one should not consume the sauce unless they are the ones who provided the meal. But Charles broke their cultural boundary by consuming the fish sauce. However, Gift left him unpunished for it. Why can\uc0{\u8217}t we do it to Innocent? Unknowingly, he broke our cultural boundary , just like our son Charles.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Baba Charles let out a heavy sigh. \uc0{\u8221}Let this be a lesson. Next time, do not misbehave when you are at a table with adults.\uc0{\u8221} Baba Charles said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I sighed a sigh of relief when I heard the tension in the room was over.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With embarrassment \uc0{\u8221}Thank you,\uc0{\u8221} I said, and swiftly left without washing my hands or saying goodbye. I hurried to the bus stop, eager to go back home and narrate the cultural clash I had just experienced.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In Mpulo, war cracked intensively, we fled to Malawi.Two days after my arrival in Malawi, I sat outside my house near a path and an old Malawian woman approached me, knelt down and said, \uc0{\u8221}Mwaswera bwanji! (How are you?) \uc0{\u8221}What did she just say to me?\uc0{\u8221} I murmured.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was very shocked, I looked at this woman in a scary look. Still on her knees, she smiled at me as she continued, \uc0{\u8221} Ndikufuna nchito. (I\uc0{\u8217}m looking for work.) \uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Looking at the way she posed, I was completely lost. I thought,\uc0{\u8221} How can she insult me in such a polite manner?\uc0{\u8221} But I could not find an answer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Facing each other, the woman and I were unable to understand each other \uc0{\u8217}s language. \uc0{\u8221} In Jesus\uc0{\u8217} name, you won\uc0{\u8217}t be able to harm me! \uc0{\u8221} I said, thinking she was a wizard. But she looked confused too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Meanwhile, Punye passed by, he greeted me in Swahili, \uc0{\u8221}Jambo\uc0{\u8221} ( Hello.)}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Jambo! ( Hello. )\uc0{\u8221} I said .}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I begged him to come closer and assist me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Visibly angry, I said ,\uc0{\u8221}Please, Punye, this old woman insulted me! She asked me how was the sex !\uc0{\u8221} Punye looked surprised, but said,\uc0{\u8221} I know. You\uc0{\u8217}ve only been in Malawi for a week. Can you speak Chichewa?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} No! But I heard her saying to me, \uc0{\u8221}mwaswera bwanji.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He burst into laughter, \uc0{\u8221} There\uc0{\u8217}s a misunderstanding here. It\uc0{\u8217}s not just you; many other refugees get confused when they greet Malawians for the first time. Allow me to explain.\uc0{\u8221} I turned my attention to him. But, the Malawian old woman continued to say, \uc0{\u8221} Nyamata, nchito palibe? (Young man, is there no job?)\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}No, no job,\uc0{\u8221} Punye said on my behalf.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then, the old woman left and headed towards the second door,my neighbor\uc0{\u8217}s door.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Fortunately, she received a job, washing family clothes. Let\uc0{\u8217}s continue from where we stopped, Punye said,\uc0{\u8221} Mwaswera bwanji is simply a greeting, meaning ,\uc0{\u8221}good afternoon\uc0{\u8221} in Malawian language , but in your language, mwaswera bwanji means how was the sex? \uc0{\u8221} Punye smiled as I looked at him in wonder,\uc0{\u8221} one word has a different meaning, which is considered offensive to you and your language.\uc0{\u8221} He said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I looked at him and shook my head. \uc0{\u8221}Thank you for explaining , I was wrong,\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry, it\uc0{\u8217}s okay, and I must leave now.\uc0{\u8221} He smiled as he left.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}bye, see you later.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I thought things were different only in my country, but they are also different in this new country! But no option, all is well.\uc0{\u8221} I mattered.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Five days later, after arriving in Malawi, I met several young men who knew me to be able in science subjects from my time in DRC. They were together with two Somali brothers. The young men preferred that I start giving them private tutoring lessons. The Somali brothers took me to their home and I talked to}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 their mother. She scheduled a meeting with me the next morning to discuss payment. The following morning, I went straight to the Somali family\uc0{\u8217}s house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I swiftly extended my right hand and touched hers for a handshake.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}You, Haram, how dare you touch my hand?\uc0{\u8221} She said,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Uh! I\uc0{\u8217}m sorry. Did I do something wrong?\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Why shaking my hand?\uc0{\u8221} She said,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}No, I only wanted to greet you, that\uc0{\u8217}s all.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Narrowing her eyes, she said,\uc0{\u8221}I will look for another teacher. Go back home.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I looked down in shock and regret for losing this job opportunity, I said, \uc0{\u8221}I didn\uc0{\u8217}t intend to harm you. Please, can you forgive me?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The woman\uc0{\u8217}s husband came out of the house. \uc0{\u8221}What\uc0{\u8217}s going on here?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She explained,\uc0{\u8221} This teacher shook her hand for a greeting while i was thinking about a place I had put money to buy eggs for breakfast.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The husband looked at me and beckoned me over. I approached carefully, worried he might retaliate. \uc0{\u8221}Look, when you meet a Somali lady, you don\uc0{\u8217}t shake her hand to greet,\uc0{\u8221} he said. \uc0{\u8221}You just say \uc0{\u8217}shikmo\uc0{\u8217}.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Okay,\uc0{\u8221} I nodded.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Only husbands can shake their wives\uc0{\u8217} hands,\uc0{\u8221} he continued. \uc0{\u8221}Others just say \uc0{\u8217}shikmo\uc0{\u8217}. If you happen to shake a Somali woman\uc0{\u8217}s hand, it means you are making yourself her husband.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was astonished to learn about this type of culture.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I apologize, Muhammad,\uc0{\u8221} As I spoke,I reflected back on the greetings in my own country, the Democratic Republic of Congo, where shaking hands was a common greeting. But here, it carried a very different meaning , I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t understand the world and its inhabitants. \uc0{\u8221} I didn\uc0{\u8217}t mean to offend you and your wife; I\uc0{\u8217}ve never lived with Somalis before, so I don\uc0{\u8217}t know more about your customs. Please, forgive me!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Muhammad nodded in agreement. \uc0{\u8221}Come start giving the children their tuition class}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 tomorrow.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Thank you, boss!\uc0{\u8221} I said gratefully as I took my leave, determined to be more mindful of cultural differences moving forward.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}