{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy20\hr18\min33\sec49}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy20\hr18\min33\sec49}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Community Conflict At Dzaleka Refugee Camp\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dzaleka Refugee Camp is a home to more than 50 000 refugees and asylum seekers from Democratic Republic of the Congo with a big majority followed by Burundi, Rwanda, Ethiopia, Somalia and few minorities. The camp was built in 1994 to secure the people who fled different violences in the countries mentioned above. Its capacity was to accommodate a number of 12 000 but seeing the continuation of violences in those countries especially the Democratic Republic of the Congo, the camp has reached a very bigger number of refugees and asylum seekers than its capacity. It is located in Dowa District, Central Region at a distance of 43.7 km in the North part of Lilongwe Capital City of Malawi. The congestion of people at the camp has been the source of insecurity, hunger, diseases and community conflicts between refugees themselves.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr Noor is a refugee from Ethiopia who has been living at Dzaleka Refugee Camp since 2019. Arriving at the camp, he decided to get married to his wife called Morgraan and happened to give birth to a boy child called Mamroon. Being a car seller at the camp, he successfully progressed and apparently became wealthy until he opened big shops and chicken projects in the district. Seeing that the work he had required to have more workers to fulfil the duties in his shops and farms, he then hired twelve people including Mr Mugisha who was severely injured by his boss after failing to explain the loss of money in the shop.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As usual, Mr Noor used to visit his shops and farms at every end of two months for control to ensure the progress of the work. He did so not less than five times, finding everything was good. This made him trust his workers and sometimes he could even exceed the 2-month-period without going for control because of the trust he had towards his workers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, Mr Noor went to his shop where Mr Mugisha was working as a shopkeeper for his control. Arriving there, he found that there was a big decrease in shop items without finding the money for the absent items. This became the source of their conversation that ended in anger. \uc0{\u8221}Can you explain to me about the decrease and where the money is kept?\uc0{\u8221} asked Mr Noor. Mr Mugisha showed him two hundred thousand kwacha (US $200) instead of eight hundred thousand kwacha that would match with the absent items and said: \uc0{\u8221}sorry boss, here is the money I have. I can\uc0{\u8217}t explain anything about the loss because it has gone beyond my understanding.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}No no no, don\uc0{\u8217}t tell me that. That\uc0{\u8217}s impossible, \uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} replied Mr Noor. After that, he took the money and angrily left the shop for his place.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When he arrived home in the evening, he called Mr Mugisha on the telephone and instructed him to close the shop and meet him at his place. Then, Mr Mugisha did as his boss instructed him and met him at his place.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On his arrival, the boss opened his entrance door and then closed it with a big padlock. Mr Mugisha entered his boss\uc0{\u8217} house thinking the problem was finished at the shop yet his boss was not yet convinced. Sitting in a plastic chair, Mr Noor asked again the same question to his shopkeeper: \uc0{\u8221}Can you explain me about the decreasing and where the money is kept?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}Please boss, I don\uc0{\u8217}t even understand how the loss occurred because I did nothing wrong\uc0{\u8221} answered Mr Mugisha. Hearing this, Mr Noor angrily started beating the shopkeeper with a panga knife which resulted in severe injuries on his arms and back. While he was beating the shopkeeper, Mr Noor\uc0{\u8217}s wife was also present hearing how Mr Mugisha was shouting and crying for rescue without doing anything.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A short time later, some Rwandan neighbours heard Mr Mugisha crying for help and this pushed them to alert by calling for the police. The police came and knocked a lot at the gate but Mr Noor and his wife refused to open it. This gave much anger to the neighbours together with the other refugees who were already alerted to forcibly destroy the gate until they succeeded to get in and rescued Mr Mugisha who was severely injured and found both Mr Noor and his wife had already left their house passing through another door which was behind his house. When the Rwandan refugees saw their brother laid down full of blood, they then checked to find Mr Noor and missed him because they had already left using another door behind his house. This shocked the Rwandan refugees and started stoning Mr Noor\uc0{\u8217}s house to destroy it including everything inside. They succeeded in destroying a large number of things in the house before taking some out to be burnt.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So, they took Mr Mugisha to the police before going to the hospital. There, the police recorded the incident and then they referred him to the nearest health centre.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While Mugisha was still under treatment, the police found Mr Noor and his wife in a bar of another Ethiopian refugee and succeeded in arresting them. The police took them to the court for some trials before the judgement. After two months, Mr Mugisha showed up at the court and explained everything to the lawyers. On the side of Mr Noor and his wife, they unfortunately failed to argue and this resulted in their 3-year-emprisonnement. After their emprisonnement, the government decided to deport them back to their home country.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From there, the conflict between the Rwandan community and the Ethiopian Community started. At the camp, we have already recorded many disputes and quarrels between the members of these two communities. The camp administration has tried to solve the conflict through different meetings with the community leaders of the two communities but it still persists because we continue recording some cases of their members who most of the time quarrel within the camp.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}