{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy12\hr08\min25\sec01}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy12\hr08\min25\sec01}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Cursed}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I was a kid, I thought that life just gave gifts, putting away the worst scenarios. I was a kid who never understood what was going on around me. One day I was at home when I heard screaming outside. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t understand what was happening, but everyone looked nervous. I started asking what was going on, but no one was ready to answer. After that, I went back home and asked my mom. She said it was an earthquake. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how I didn\uc0{\u8217}t notice that earthquake. Days later, I found out that the earthquake was caused by a volcanic eruption, and that was the first time I started to think. Since that day, so many things began to happen in my life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a deep sleep, I started hearing a scary sound calling my name. The sound was so deep, heavy, and very creepy. I woke up, trying to find who was calling my name. The sound kept calling. I decided to answer and ask, \uc0{\u8220}Who\uc0{\u8217}s there?\uc0{\u8221} The light went out directly. I started to hear heavy thunder, and lightning began to flash. So terrified was I that, when I woke up trying to leave my bedroom to find my parents, heavy rain began to fall. I was so scared.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the dark, I left my bedroom, trying to find my path in the hallway. A small light appeared in front of me, in the distance. I saw it approaching slowly. The closer it got, the more it changed shape. At first, it was a little dot. As it came closer the dot started taking a human form. The closer it got, the wind from outside became strong, blowing the curtains in all directions. The windows opened and waved as the wind blew. There, the little light took the form of a human in a long white dress. Looking at it, I saw a person who tried to catch me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So creepy it was, I got afraid and started screaming with all my strength, but my voice was stuck in my throat, unable to come out. While I screamed with all my power, realizing that screaming wasn\uc0{\u8217}t working, I started to run as fast as I could, but I remained in the same place. The thing I learned later on was that it was a ghost. Now, it was closer, trying to catch me. My breath quickened. I closed my eyes, and when I opened them again, boom, the ghost had taken me back to my bedroom. I rushed to my drawer, opened it, and grabbed the Bible inside. Keeping it tight to my heart, I started repeating the name Jesus in my head, as my voice had been disabled by the evil spirit. I closed my eyes and screamed from the bottom of my heart, \uc0{\u8220}Jesus!\uc0{\u8221} When I opened my eyes, the ghost was gone. The thunder, lightning, wind, and rain had stopped, and the light was back on. I looked forward and saw my father standing before me. I started asking questions.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What was that?\uc0{\u8221} I asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I explained to him what happened, and then he answered. \uc0{\u8220}Look, son,\uc0{\u8221} my father said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Listen carefully, son. Three years before you were born, I had a family conflict with your mother\uc0{\u8217}s family. Our families are not from the same tribe, and it was not acceptable for either tribe to allow our marriage for decades. But your mother and I were so deeply in love that we couldn\uc0{\u8217}t separate ourselves. The love was stronger than us. We knew that being together was a serious problem, but we continued, despite knowing it could cause a tribal war. We decided to get married, but our families never accepted our marriage, so we fled and ran away to avoid our families\uc0{\u8217} conflict. We started living far from them, but blood always calls to blood. Your mother\uc0{\u8217}s uncle found out where we were living and came to warn us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}You have disgraced our culture, and this mistake will not go unpunished,\uc0{\u8217} your mother\uc0{\u8217}s uncle said, and then he left.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He went to call upon black magic to punish your mother and me. The peace we had was gone. We began to see people passing through the walls of our house every night, and we could not sleep in peace, hearing the sounds of babies crying. My family learned about it and decided to recognize our marriage. After that, they said they would help us. My family gathered and joined forces against the black magic that was sent to us. They defended us and broke the malevolent spell. Then your mother\uc0{\u8217}s uncle decided not to attack your mother and me directly anymore. He shifted his target and started fighting against my entire family. With the unity of my family, he found himself weakened. He lost every fight, but he didn\uc0{\u8217}t give up. He decided to make things worse by sacrificing himself. He sacrificed his soul to obtain the most powerful sorcery, allowing him to declare that our family had to be punished. He wrote our family name in his own blood on the soil where he stood, and immediately, a long tree began to grow. The number of leaves on that tree matched the number of people alive in our family. The curse was that every time a leaf fell from that tree, one person in the family would die.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As we didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what was happening, we began to see family members die, one after another. Then we knew that something was wrong. It was unacceptable. We held a family gathering. Despite everyone being there, we could not find the problem; everything seemed fine. So, we went to the village chief and explained to him how our family members were dying.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}There is only one sorcery that can cause this, and we call it *Manjizingani*,\uc0{\u8217} the chief said. \uc0{\u8216}That sorcery is used to call death upon a family. If it is sent to you, your family will start dying one by one until everyone is gone. It was a sacrificial curse, so you can only stop it with a sacrifice of your own. You must offer ten goats, ten sheep, and three cows, and then the curse will end, and the one who sent it will die.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}How do we know if it\uc0{\u8217}s a tree or an animal?\uc0{\u8217} my family asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Do the sacrifice at the river,\uc0{\u8217} the chief said. \uc0{\u8216}The blood of the animals must go into the water. Inside the water, you will see the image of the curse and the location where it is. Then, you can cut down the tree or kill the animal.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My entire family gathered at the river, and we performed the sacrifice. When all the blood entered the river, the image of the tree appeared in the water. We rushed to cut it down. When we arrived, your mother\uc0{\u8217}s uncle knew what we were doing. As he possessed strong magic, he tried to change the curse. Somehow, he did, but there was confusion. We didn\uc0{\u8217}t know if he managed to change it, but we cut down the tree, and after that, the sequence of deaths stopped.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Your uncle had sacrificed his soul, so he was supposed to die when we cut the tree, but he didn\uc0{\u8217}t. Instead, the curse changed. Now, if your mother and I had a son as the firstborn, I would die and become the boy\uc0{\u8217}s ghost. If we had a daughter, your mother would die. The ghost you saw was real.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My father explained.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After hearing the story from my father, I was terrified. As a little boy hearing all of that, it changed me. I began praying every day before going to bed. I went to see a man of God.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The curse is upon you, and only prayer can chase the ghost away,\uc0{\u8221} the man of God said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He started to pray. While he prayed, I saw the ghost running, chased by a lot of fire. The ghost fled until it disappeared. After the prayer, I started vomiting. The entire old tree came out of my mouth. We burned it, and I understood that the ghost had cursed me and kept that tree in my stomach. I knew I was free.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re not free yet,\uc0{\u8221} the man of God said. \uc0{\u8220}Failures will follow you in everything you do. Now, you need to talk to your mother. She has something to tell you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I went to my mother and asked, \uc0{\u8220}The man of God told me you have something to tell me. Is that true?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I think your father told you everything he knew about our story. Now, let me tell you what he didn\uc0{\u8217}t know and what happened to me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Three years before you were born, we cut down the malevolent tree to protect your father\uc0{\u8217}s family. That day, something happened to me that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t tell anyone, not even your father. When the tree fell, I went back home before everyone else. What I found there was terrifying. Blood was everywhere in my bedroom, and a goat\uc0{\u8217}s head was on the bed. I knew immediately that my uncle did that, changing the curse. But because of my love for him, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t tell anyone. I protected him, even though I knew everything bad he did to us and your father\uc0{\u8217}s family. I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t ready to see him die. So, I tried to break the second curse myself. I thought that if I burned the goat\uc0{\u8217}s head, everything would be fine. I cleaned the house and took the goat\uc0{\u8217}s head to a place where I could burn it. I did so, but something strange happened. When the head burned, a dark smoke came out and passed through my nose and mouth. I started suffocating, then rushed to the hospital. I took water there and felt better. But when I got pregnant with you, I became ill. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t even have the strength to get out of bed. Each time I went to the hospital, the doctors said I was fine; they couldn\uc0{\u8217}t find anything wrong with me. I was so sick that I was losing consciousness every three weeks. Only three months remained before you were to be born, and I was so tired}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}I thought death was calling me. Then a man of God came to me.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Your uncle doesn\uc0{\u8217}t want your son to be born. He wants him to die before he comes into the world, because if your son lives, your uncle will die,\uc0{\u8217} the man of God said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The man of God started praying for me. While he prayed, I saw an angel come to me and give me two small white pills. When the man of God finished praying and left, I opened my hand and saw the two pills. I took one and saved the other. After taking that pill, I felt better immediately. For the first time since my pregnancy, I could stand up. Three months later, I had a baby boy, and it was you. Tears came to my eyes when I held you for the first time. On that day, your uncle died. Two days later, we went to his funeral and buried him. We thought everything was over. But today, I have something to give you that will finally end all of this. Your uncle\uc0{\u8217}s soul never stopped fighting you. Now, you\uc0{\u8217}re going to be free. I was waiting for the right time to give you this. I kept the other pill for you. I knew one was for me, and the other was for you,\uc0{\u8221} my mother explained.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother gave me the pill. I took it, prayed, and swallowed it. Afterward, I felt a new sense of relief. I felt light, as if a heavy burden had been lifted from me, and I experienced pure peace of mind and soul. I had never felt that good before.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am now living a good life\uc0{\u8212}no ghosts, no failures. The pill my mother gave me set me free.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}