{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy13\hr06\min18\sec42}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy13\hr06\min18\sec42}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My uncle, Ntezimana was the first one to get educated to Bachelors Degree level. Luckily, he got a job in Lilongwe and managed to do well in life. He lived with his family in Lilongwe and was doing very well. We only saw him when he came for the holidays and during funerals in the village, Lilambwe. Several times my father asked him to take me with him because I was brilliant. He always said he will take me next time when he comes back.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In our family, my father worked hard through subsistence farming but when he could approached my uncle for help, he only made promises that he will see what to do. The only time we benefited from him was when he brought sugar and bread when he visited us. Then we would have tea which we rarely had.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He even neglected his parents who are my grandparents. I can remember one day when he shouted at everyone at home because my grandmother asked him to at least help my father get a passport to go to South Africa so he can support the family since my father was struggling financially. He shouted until my grandmother cried.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Somehow, I managed to get good points from secondary school and got selected to the University. I managed to graduate with a credit and got a scholarship to do my masters at UNICAF. When I was in my third year, this uncle of mine lost his job and got arrested for embezzlement of funds at his company. They took almost everything he had.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He had nowhere to stay. He went to Mzuzu to restart his life. His life and that of his family completely changed. They were struggling to even eat. They would go to the village in Lilambwe to beg for maize sometimes. I realized that investing in your family is investing in yourself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Imagine if my uncle had educated and empowered his younger siblings and nephews and nieces. Would he have struggled when he lost everything? Possibly not. Many people in our family would have come to his rescue but he never showed us love when it was the right time to see it. Instead, he could show us that he does not even can about his family back in the village which was a completely wrong thing he did because it is now his turn to face the music.}}\par
\sect
}