{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy09\hr23\min38\sec37}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy09\hr23\min38\sec37}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She had learned to dance according to rigid rules, in large, crowded spaces. She threaded her way through the obstacles and inevitably ran into one of them. She rehearsed and rehearsed, a choreography dictated by others, a dance that pleased those she loved. She suffered throughout her body from this arduous and rigid discipline, from her frequent falls and from the bruises that the blocks scattered all around her left on her skin when she hit them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, a dancer came and they formed a duo, as best they could, in this obstructed space. She imitated the man\uc0{\u8217}s steps, sticking as closely as possible to the curve of his body to undulate in his own way, between the restraints. But this dance as a couple weakened her and, exhausted, she let herself slide full length onto the floor. The dancer tried to move her in this crowded space, pulling her by the arms. But all the ballerina wanted to do was curl up in a corner and sleep long, deep. The dancer finally disappeared.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When the ballerina woke up, alone, she began to fully feel what was happening in her body. (to be completed \uc0{\u8211} the body is still rigid but she sees more clearly) She took the blocks that obstructed the space one by one. She held them to her heart. Upon contact with this love, the blocks vanished as if by magic. The dance space became increasingly empty and larger and wider. The ballerina was able to experience new movements, new dance sequences. She received inspiration for original choreographies, which she presented solo, in duos and in groups.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8230} (Write about taking care of herself, more suppleness and freedom, becoming transparent, letting the wind (energy) come through her. Becoming the space.)}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Today, every day, the ballerina returns to dance in this space which is constantly transforming and expanding. She savors strength, fluidity and flexibility, both in her body, in her heart and in her mind. Nothing holds her back as she now lives as a free, infinite and unlimited being.}}\par
\sect
}