{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr17\min14\sec10}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr17\min14\sec10}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I first received the email notification that Thursday afternoon, I almost fell from my chair with excitement and disbelief. then I quickly straightened up and wiped the big grin off my face trying not to give myself away or attract attention from my roommate who was sitting at her desk next to me typing away. I knew it was a legit platform since Star, my friend who introduced me to it was my living testimony, but I was definitely not expecting it to be this quiet and transparent, either way, I was happy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So here I stood, in a long queue that literally almost reached the glass door entrance at Western Union. not exactly knowing what to do, I managed to locate the assistant seeking directions on how to withdraw. He hardly even gave me a glance as he said \uc0{\u8221}Photocopa ID yako, obva omira mu queue\uc0{\u8221}. He said this with an annoyed tone while scribbling something on a piece of paper. In my head, I thought, \uc0{\u8221}Well, maybe you could have been a bit nicer\uc0{\u8221}. But I decided not to let anyone or anything ruin my good mood as I smiled as I said thank you and made my way back outside to photocopy my Identity card. The bank had a cool security door system where you\uc0{\u8217}d have to open the glass door leading to a very narrow passageway leading to another glass door that leads to the outside. once you\uc0{\u8217}re inside, the outside door would only open when only one person was detected in the narrow passage and the other door behind you was fully closed showing a green light It was not a big deal, but my bubbly mood found every detail to be super cool.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Soon as I got outside, I went to a boutique just across the street that also had photocopying services. I took out my ID card and made sure the two dollars I carried were still there. The copy cost me about 25c. I put my ID card back in my small sling bag, along with my change, took my copy, and hurried back to the queue. When I got back inside after, the queue looked like it didn\uc0{\u8217}t move at all! \uc0{\u8221}Are they always this slow?\uc0{\u8221} I wondered as I thought back to the time my friend Star first told me about Goat-Pol.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That night, the entire city was experiencing load shedding again. Typical Harare life. So after having our supper under a dim solar light, we went back to my bedroom and started to catch up. Star came for a sleepover that night so as I was scrambling in the dark, through my bags trying to find her something comfy to wear she could use as a pajama for the night. She started telling me about how she was referred to this incredible writing platform where you\uc0{\u8217}re not only taught how to perfect or improve your writing skills, but you also get to interact with actual writers and even get paid for publishing a story. Most people wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t understand our excitement, but Star and I were both born \uc0{\u8217}with novels in our hands\uc0{\u8217}, that\uc0{\u8217}s how we loved to describe our love for literature, creative writing, and borrowing 10 novels from the library at a time. She gave me her cellphone to read the story she had just published, and wow, I was impressed by how much she improved and how much her writing reminded me of my own. Her story was thrilling and left me in great anticipation. \uc0{\u8221}This is all?!, I asked as the story came to a end. she laughed at my reaction and said, it\uc0{\u8217}s meant to make me anticipate. From there on, we continued to talk about different story ideas and past writing experiences, we\uc0{\u8217}ve had as we got ready for bed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A tap on my shoulder woke me up from my daze of thoughts as the same annoyed assistant mouthed instructing me to move forward. \uc0{\u8217}oh, sorry, thanks\uc0{\u8217}, I mumbled as I moved forward closing the big gap that had formed in front of me. I leaned to the side to see how long the queue still was. To my satisfaction, the number of people had reduced and I counted \uc0{\u8221}1, 2\uc0{\u8230}, just 8 more people. Happy knowing I was just 8 people away from the till, I tried to ignore the light cramp in my leg from standing too long. Standing and waiting quietly was getting boring, so I took out my little notebook from my sling bag and started making a list of emergency items I needed to purchase as soon as I collected the \uc0{\u8221}fruit of my labor\uc0{\u8221}, I giggled quietly feeling all proud of myself. i scribbled down a few toiletries I had run out of, took a note of paying my tithe to the church, a few food items I needed to take back to my dorm, and made a note to clear the $10 credit I had taken from a friend, send some airtime to my little sister who was in boarding school, top up my own airtime and\uc0{\u8230} My grin quickly faded as I realized $60 dollars was not exactly going to cover everything including other items I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t noted, so I started over, only this time putting the top priorities first. As I scrambled away the notes in my notebook. I got so distracted that the tap on my shoulder startled me. Once again it was the annoyed assistant, this time he didn\uc0{\u8217}t have to say anything, the frown on his face was enough to make me smile shyly and say \uc0{\u8221}Oh, sorry, thank you\uc0{\u8221}, as I scooted forward.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I hurriedly put my notebook and pen away and took out my ID card again along with a screenshot of the email I received with the tracking number, soon as I finished, the lady right in front of me who was being served at the till left and FINALLY!, it was my turn. The lady at the till was surprisingly nice as she asked for my details and started punching the buttons on her computer. In a few minutes, she counted three $20 dollar notes and handed them to me together with a receipt that I had to sign. I thanked her, put the cash and document in my bag, and left the Western Union bank feeling happy and grateful.}}\par
\sect
}