{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy04\hr05\min39\sec07}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy04\hr05\min39\sec07}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The death of a dream}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 First part : childhood innocence}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I lived in a small house, but everything was very beautiful. Among these beauties, there were magnificent dreams that inspired me. Dreams that were like reality because I wanted them to come true and I tried hard to make them come true. I was a simple and calm girl who did not speak much, but someone who always had a smile on her lips, even when talking, she laughed and did not seem to understand anything about the anger. I loved watching cartoon animations, especially princesses and magical things, and because of watching these cartoons, my imagination might have become so strong.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I loved knowing everything. I wanted to understand painting, calligraphy, mathematics, literature, I loved science and reading, and the most important thing I wanted to do was become a doctor. I loved medicine and medical subjects. I lived in a small district, a girl joined the school at the age of four and a half because everyone said that she was very worthy and could continue her studies. On the first day of school, everyone wore beautiful clothes. All were the same age}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I met many students. I wanted to be friends with some of them. We could have become good friends, but maybe some people took advantage of my sincerity. They may not be friends on the surface. But I was a good friend to everyone. I wanted the best for everyone and I treated them well. They were not real friends, but it was not that important because I was a worthy student and my mother was proud of me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The most important thing for a child is to make her parents proud. But when you are a child, you need everyone\uc0{\u8217}s encouragement, and when you are a child, when you go to school, the teacher\uc0{\u8217}s encouragement is very important, which means it has a positive effect. My mother looked at my notebooks one day and saw that I write a lot, more than what the factory teacher gave me. My mother said, well done to my beautiful daughter , and she looked at my notebooks, but she noticed one thing\uc0{\u8230}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next day, my mother came to school and came to our class with some of my filled notebooks, she greeted the teacher and they talked. My mother knew the teacher and was from our distant family}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother told the teacher about what she had noticed when she saw my notebooks}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother showed her all my written homeworks and said that when a student is lazy, she should be encouraged to study, but if she is worthy, she needs too to be encouraged, because if she is not encouraged, she may become cold from studying because she is a child and loves encouragement and make her happy. Teacher: Maybe I did not write once. Mother: Look at the whole notebook. You did not say any praise}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I also thought why?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why did not she write me an Afrain(well done)?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why does not she encourage me?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I thought that maybe I wrote less, but I did not write less, maybe I did not write well, but I wrote well. I got the first grade in the class with high grades, why did she give congratulations to others but not me}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The teacher said to my mother, \uc0{\u8221}it is not that much important i will write now . Well done, my good student, I am writing\uc0{\u8221} but what was the use of saying \uc0{\u8221}well done\uc0{\u8221} to me, it was my right, but she had not written for me. By the way my mother\uc0{\u8217}s encouragement and attention was enough for me. She defended me that day and said \uc0{\u8220}My daughter is worthy but not encouraged.\uc0{\u8221} that was the best strength of heart for me}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}