{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy01\hr18\min21\sec59}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy01\hr18\min21\sec59}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The devaluation of Malawian Kwacha is pain that every Malawian in the year of 2023. A lot of Malawians are crying that they are spending a lot of money in the market yet they return home with few goods. The money that they are spending in a month is triple the one they could spend in a month in the couple years back. In the past, Malawi had a bank note of 2000 Malawian Kwacha which was equivalent to $2 only but now there is a bank note of 5000 Malawian Kwacha which is equivalent to $3 only. This change is making a lot of Malawians to cry especially those in the villages.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I spoke to a random lady who was going to buy onions to the market near her home village and what she told me was horrifying. She told me that her children are now eating once a day yet they used to eat three times a day. She told me that the onions that they were buying 500 Malawian Kwacha in the past are at 2000 Malawian Kwacha and this makes her to sometime not to cook relish with onions. She was too emotional the time she told me this and I was so touched with the experience of people in the villages.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 According to what I see, the money lost value yet the people are still earning the same money which makes it difficult for them to survive on a daily basis. I remember the time I went to visit my friend who gave birth to a cute baby boy in the hospital, things were very shocking. I met there a single mother who chose to engage herself in prostitution due to hunger. At the end, she got pregnant and she does not know the father of the child. I was so touched with the story of this woman because raising a child without a father is not a good thing that I wish it can happen to any woman.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wish things can change otherwise the situation is getting worse in the country. During my visit at the hospital, I felt pity for that woman and I decided to divide the food that I brought for my friend and shared some with that woman. She was very excited for the food. She told me that the last time she ate meat was on Christmas of 2022 and she is very excited that she ate meat again. I was happy and sad at the same time to see the woman smiling again after eating her favorite meal. A lot of change makers promise people about the brighter days but giving them what they promised is a tough thing according to what Malawians are going through.}}\par
\sect
}