{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy20\hr00\min28\sec48}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy20\hr00\min28\sec48}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 DHINDA, THE BUS}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The silence was like that of the Sunday morning. The chirping of birds and other animals in the forest had caused some terrible confusions. Probably, time was just before the dawn. I woke up early in a joyous mood, for a seemingly interesting journey to Harare. It was now one and half hours still at the bus station waiting for Dhinda the Bus whose tabled time to arrive at the station have delayed and amplified.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I waited and waited at the bus station but nothing positive came to my side. We all know that when one is anxiously waiting for something, time will seem to move slowly like a pangoline. I had to be in Harare in the next twelve hours or less for a wedding of my blood sister. There the party had already started but my absenteism set all efforts of arranging essential programs dormant.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dhinda the Bus was the only people\uc0{\u8217}s favorite. It was a leading transport service provider in the route connecting Uzumba Maramba Pfungwe province and Harare province. The U.M.P map is not a simple map. It represents costs and risks of deadly accidents. For safety Dhinda, the Bus was locally acclaimed.For the past two decades before Dhinda, the people were affected by transport\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 productivity and efficiency in the U.M.P province because of its hostile roads. The ruggedness of the mountaineous terrain in the Makenikeni area bordering U.M.P and Murehwa district consumed one to two days to travel from an area of origin to reach destinations especially Harare.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Makeni_keni area is dominated by rocks and deadly quartzite rock caves. The road here is dusty rugged and deeply potholes. These terrains are normally rough for on_road vehicles other than Dhinda, which are meant to travel on smooth, well built roads and offer maximum comfort to both passengers and human drivers. Dhinda became the solution. It was ideally suitable for rugged terrains and unfriendly roads.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The became pride of Uzumba Province. It was accordingly nicknamed Dhinda the\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Bus. The bus was designed so that it do not tumble down on encountering rough terrains. It\uc0{\u8217}s tires were designed with blocky, heavy duty tread patterns and puncture resistant sidewalls that withstand abuse from bashing through rocks while also maintaining traction on all kinds of surfaces with mud and loose sediments like in this particular area. Dhinda could complete the whole journey to Harare unstuck.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When Dhinda finally arrived at the bus station, l got inside with at least a sense of imagining my self among the people waiting for me at the wedding in Harare. I got seated at the back blue covered seat, gently listening to very low played old skool American hip_hop song featured in a delicate soprano. I was now convivially enjoying the long awaited journey to Harare. With the music being played in the bus,happiness and peace of mind occupied softy from the very time l boarded Dhinda the Bus and dramatically ended as we approached the fatal Makenikeni narrow bridge. Here everyone feels unhappy and unguarded. The nearer Dhinda got to the bridge the more slowly it drove. When trying to reduce the speed, the driver engaged in a wrong gear producing high rake sounds and Dhinda groaned like a pig. Resultantly, the engine itself automatically switched off in the middle part of the bridge. It occurred a moment of silent inside the bus and l started shivering like a reed in a flowing river.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}This is the area where most of the U.M.P residents have lost their lives, some sustained permanent injuries\uc0{\u8221}, l pronounced ;talking and asking to myself. Practically, this was a deadly bridge where most vehicles got stuck.The driver of Dhinda was almost a comedian. He had a box cut, narrow face and a bushy beard which can make any child cry. He was only physically fit and strong man who likes wearing vests and shorts most of his time. When he was walking, he looked like a military tank tumbling along and rumbling like thunder.When the bus engine switched off, the driver looked back to the passengers. Never talking to anybody, he turned Dhinda\uc0{\u8217}s engine on and engage a lower gear which allowed Dhinda to move slowly at a snail pace.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Travelling a very low speed of less than ten km per hour, Dhinda took almost two hours to complete a distance of twenty kilometers negotiating with the rocky caves, mud and slippery surface of the deadly bridge. There after the cource of the bridge, the driver parked and announced to the Passengers, \uc0{\u8220}l know most of us have almost fainted\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}. (he laughed). This is Dhinda and l myself. Our vision is to deliver happiness to our customers and enjoy a ride. We are here to work hard every day to create happy passengers\uc0{\u8221}.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everyone clapped, faces wrinkling with smiles.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {}\par
\sect
}