{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy30\hr18\min37\sec27}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy30\hr18\min37\sec27}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 DIARY OF A QUEER KID, THE ESCAPE.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Alright, let\uc0{\u8217}s set the scene straight.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 18 years, a qualified nerd. Not the most social person on earth. First year college student. My life so far has been pretty much pre-set. I have been basically living accordingly to anyone and everyone\uc0{\u8217}s expectations and standards. Every expectation but my own.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Diary of a queer kid wasn\uc0{\u8217}t the best title l could ever give to a mini biography of myself but lam quite sure that lam not exactly your average college kid. Iam the kid in the back of every class, in the corner of the room. Iam the kid seating alone in the cafeteria every lunch. Iam the first kid to leave the room after class ends. Iam the kid who loves talking walks in the rain. Iam the kid who finds comfort in laying the dark, simply reminiscing. Iam the kid you find in the park after all the kids are gone. Iam the kid who puts their boredom on paper, emotions on paper. Iam the kid who seems like they never have anything to say when really l have way too much to say. Iam not your basic kid, rather queer. But today is not all about that, it\uc0{\u8217}s not about the past. It\uc0{\u8217}s not about remembering every reason why lam the kid parents tell their children to stay away from. Today in the diary of a queer kid, l leave a different mark, a different footprint. l make a decision to escape.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anxiety: \uc0{\u8220}Escape? Escape what? Ashley are you out of your mind? What are you talking about? What happens to the comfort zone you\uc0{\u8217}re leaving behind? What\uc0{\u8217}s going to happen when the grass is not as green as it looked like from the other side? What\uc0{\u8217}s going to happen when you finally voice yourself only to find that your audience is a carnal mind? Are you going to come back begging? Again? Don\uc0{\u8217}t do it! Don\uc0{\u8217}t try to escape the hold everyone has on you! It\uc0{\u8217}s not worth it Ashley.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ashley: \uc0{\u8220}No! This is my diary, lam the queer kid. This is my life, my happiness, my own peace to protect. So, No! Gone are the days you had me by the throat. Gone are the days l would overthink the simplest decision but hurriedly adjust my life to everyone else\uc0{\u8217}s decisions. Now l own you. This is a new chapter in my diary, not yours but mine. Yes, lam ready to walk out of my comfort zone and redefine what l stand for. Redefine myself. Iam not coming back to beg, to beg for validation, to beg for attention, to beg for affection, to beg for approval. This is the diary of a queer kid and l get to hold the pen and write only what l want.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That\uc0{\u8217}s just a glimpse of the first page of a new chapter in the diary of a queer kid. The name of the chapter being \uc0{\u8216}the escape\uc0{\u8217}.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}