{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy06\hr17\min45\sec50}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy06\hr17\min45\sec50}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Disney Magic\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I was four years old I went to Disney World for the first time. I thought it was the most magical place I had ever been. I was amazed that it was like my dreams coming to life. At that time the circle I interacted with was very small like most kids my age. It consisted of my family and a couple of friends.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We went to dinner in the Contemporary Hotel at Chef Mickey\uc0{\u8217}s restaurant. Back then you could see any Disney character when you were eating. Every night there were different ones in the dining room. The white rabbit from Alice in Wonderland came up to me and I loved him so much. He came back to our table while we were eating at least four times during that meal. The head chef came out and talked to my parents. His name was Ernesto. My mom told him how much I liked Disney World and that this was the first time I had interacted with a character so much. This was a big deal for me because apparently at that age I was very shy. Of course, Ernesto asked what my name was and my dad told him it was Andrew. I don\uc0{\u8217}t remember much from when I was four years old but I recall that night so clearly. I even remembered what Ernesto looked like. He had black hair and brown eyes.\uc0{\u160} Ernesto said, \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ll be right back Andrew.\uc0{\u8221} Ernesto left for a little while.The white rabbit came to sit and play with me while he was gone. This was a little odd because anybody who\uc0{\u8217}s ever been to Disney World knows that the characters usually don\uc0{\u8217}t sit with any one person for a long time.\uc0{\u160} They walk around from table to table taking photos with all the guests.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ernesto came back and showed me a Walt Disney employee pin with my name on it. He told us that earlier that night an employee named Andrew had just quit and I could keep the pin. I said, \uc0{\u8220}Thank you a lot,\uc0{\u8221} and we left the restaurant. For many years Chef Mickey\uc0{\u8217}s was my favorite restaurant because of this wonderful experience.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We went back to Disney twice in the next four years. Each time, I wore my Disney employee pin proudly and people would comment that it was so special that I had one. Well, everyone except for the high school boy who worked the racetrack. There used to be a little racetrack at Magic Kingdom where guests would race around the track just like a grownup track. This became one of my favorite rides, and sometimes . I remember going on it over and over again. I think the most I went on it was three or four times in one day. I would not get out of the car and would ask the attendant if I could go around at least twice. But one time, the One day a young high school boy working the line\uc0{\u160} who worked for Disney told my mother I could not wear my employee pin on the race car ride. My mother protested that I was eight years old and there was no way anybody would think I would actually work for Disney. He made me take off the pin and I was upset but still while we went around the track. I wore the pin for the rest of my trip, but after that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t take it with me when we returned to Disney on other trips. It was on a poster board in my room for about ten years. The pin was significant in my life for a couple reasons. I wanted to try and work for Disney when I got older. This had a lot to do with me working so hard to get into filmmaking and writing scripts.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 These events had me look closer at how Disney treated their guests with disabilities so well. For the remainder of my childhood Disney World was our best vacation. My family bought a small condo down in Florida because we knew that Disney World was where we wanted to continue vacationing. The hot climate in Florida is also excellent for loosening all my muscles.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From the first time I went to Disney until I was about seventeen years old, we traveled there almost every year. My younger sisters, Mariel and Katy, loved Disney too. During this time Disney was known for really bending over backwards to give people with disabilities an unforgettable experience. They still are known for this but now they put the emphasis on providing everybody an unforgettable experience. While this is good, it makes it a little different than it used to be for me. At Walt Disney World in Florida, The Imagineers have always been good at seamlessly weaving in accessibility features, like ramps and rails, into the decor of the parks and hotels.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I was young Disney World introduced accessible ride vehicles on some of their rides. If the ride was not a roller coaster, and it could have an accessible vehicle, it did. A person with a disability could go on the ride without transferring from their chair. Nowadays, however, the number of people that say they have a disability to get the benefits of not having to wait on all the lines is much higher than it used to be. As you would expect, I think this is terrible. It\uc0{\u8217}s so prevalent now that I have accepted it for what it is. Some really annoying people sued Disney because they claimed people with disabilities were getting a better experience than they were. There were people that also sued for millions of dollars because they said they were hurt on most of the rides. I don\uc0{\u8217}t really think most of them were hurt, but that\uc0{\u8217}s the way the world works. Of course, the legal team at Disney had most of the accessible ride cars taken out because they said they didn\uc0{\u8217}t want people to get hurt. In my opinion, I think they didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to get sued any more than they had to.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But the most heartbreaking loss was the accessible ride car at\uc0{\u160} I went on Spaceship Earth at Epcot once in the accessible ride car. I really enjoyed it. For the next two years when my dad and I went back to Spaceship Earth and asked about the accessible ride car, they would always say it was being repaired. We would go on different days, sometimes months apart. There is no way it was being repaired for that length of time. I think they said this because it was easier than saying the legal department no longer allowed them to have accessible cars on any of the rides. We went to some of the other rides in the parks and we were told the same thing again.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nowadays, the accessible ride cars have returned on the rides that are considered safest. People with disabilities have been complaining for a long time. Disney took a step forward, for people with disabilities by providing accessible ride cars, but then they took a step backwards. The characters also spent a little more time with people with disabilities. Sometimes it would be because it just took more time to interact with someone with a disability, other times it was because they wanted to. Now I\uc0{\u8217}ve noticed that the characters spend the same amount of time with every person. I guess that this is so they could get to everybody. They were getting to everyone previously anyway. In the past couple years people with disabilities had to wait in long lines just like everybody else. Now Disney has a disabled pass that they give to people with disabilities for free. It gets me out of some of the lines and some of the other benefits. However, obtaining the pass is annoying. When my friend and I arrived at Hollywood Studios the first day on one of my longest trips to Disney, we had to spend an hour going to guest services and I had to prove that I was disabled by showing them documentation that said I have a disability. The way the system is supposed to work, a person only has to go through this process once during their trip. Then when I arrived at the other parks I was supposed to already have a pass in the system. However, it did not work like this for me. I had to find the guest services three out of the four days that me and my friend went to the park and go through a lengthy process so they could see why the system wasn\uc0{\u8217}t working. If it did not work for me for so many days I\uc0{\u8217}m assuming it has similar malfunctions when other people try to use this service. I am in favor of equality, however, I am also in favor of equity for people with disabilities. Most importantly, children. I think it is possible to strike a delicate balance to provide most people a pleasurable experience at the same time.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For Florida residents Disney has a system where a person has to prove you\uc0{\u8217}re a resident once. The documentation stays in the system forever until someone changes it. This should be how it is for people who have a disability. You should only have to prove you have a disability once and then it should stay in the system indefinitely. A person would need a Disney account for this to work but a person who goes to Disney frequently, usually has an account already.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In 2024, Disney changed their Disability Access Service because too many people were taking advantage of the service that didn\uc0{\u8217}t really need it. Which is true. Disney went too far in restricting the service. Now you have to have a developmental disability, like autism, or other similar disabilities in order to qualify. I have not yet tried to qualify for this service but I suspect I will not meet the criteria anymore. I hear it could take Disney\uc0{\u8217}s experts up to thirty days to decide if a prospective guest qualifies for the pass. People looking to obtain a pass have to go through an interview process before they get to the park. I know back in the day when my mom was getting three children ready to go to Disney World, the last thing she would want to do was to go through an interview process for a pass that anyone could see that I was entitled to by just looking at me.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hope for the future is a big theme in everything that Disney does. I understand that Disney World will never return to how they were in the past. But with a little Disney imagineering, they could make the whole experience where people with disabilities even more magical than it used to be for future generations.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}