{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy19\hr05\min14\sec18}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy19\hr05\min14\sec18}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 DON\uc0{\u8217}T THINK TWICE TO SAVE YOUR LIFE\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Once upon a time there was a girl called Jane who was 15 years old girl from the democratic Republic of Congo specifically in the eastern part in a village called Ruvunga.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She lived in a\uc0{\u160} in a single parent home. with two sisters and one niece and there mother as the only sole provider and protector.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Life in this village was a mystery, most girls were set to violence and insecurity but no authority power could act and put an end to it. village had several attacks with unknown outsiders, who would rape young girls and take them captive to unknown places. People in this village were victims to hunger, water and every kind of poverty lifestyle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jane\uc0{\u8217}s mother was a business woman, she sold snacks and tea at a shop near their house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day in the evening time, Jane and her two friends were coming back from school that is a little bit far from there village, it\uc0{\u8217}s in the neighbouring village. They met three men who looked unfamiliar to them. The boys approach the girls and greeted them while complimenting their physical beauty but Jane was very intelligent and careful. She asked what their names were and where they were from. One of them said we were just passing then we stopped after we found you. We wanted to give you some food since you look tired and hungry from a long day at school but we left the food into our car.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The two girls were too happy to jump into the car and get the things but Jane doubted and said to them, if you want to help us. We\uc0{\u8217}ll wait for you here and you can go take the food and bring it to us. One of the unknown men interacted and said, they are so many foods items and it can be carried by all of you. Jane had no choice but to accept the offer because she knew that was her starving solution solved. She quickly agreed with them and went near the car. Just before they approached the car the three men removed knives from their bags and put the girls under attack.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lord deliver me today.\uc0{\u160} Jane said in her heart While panting heavily!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She said I knew who you were since before but I wanted to test your faithfulness. Let me just promise you one thing, don\uc0{\u8217}t think every girl is as weak as you think some of us were born with safe defence mechanisms installed in us so you will do nothing to us. Jane said confidently!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She told them, put your knives down before we scream and you will be caught. The three men laughed arrogantly, saying you little girl hush your mouth, we can take your life in just a second.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jane had to signal her friends about one defense mechanism they were taught in their village: don\uc0{\u8217}t think twice about saving your life . They all Put their hands down and quickly poured sand into the men\uc0{\u8217}s eyes. The three men started shouting for help but Jane and her friends ran fast to their homes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They explained everything to their parents went to the chief of the village to report about the issues and to the police station but no action was taken to solve this, so everyone in the village especially young girls were encouraged to sleep carefully with anything like a wood beside their beds for their safety and to fight for themselves. one night Jane\uc0{\u8217}s mother was very sick and she was admitted to the hospital that night. Her eldest sister and the little one had to go to the hospital to look after their mom but Jane and her niece has to stay home alone that night. The same night the village was attached again. they broke into people\uc0{\u8217}s houses raped younger girls, and they went to the house of jane , she slept with her niece who was\uc0{\u160} elder than her. Jane knew the same problem was happening outside.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All of a sudden, a group of four men broke into their house and started torturing them. Jane felt a sudden grab on her neck , she screamed for help, but the whole village was already terrified . Everyone was focused on protecting their own family. Jane looked at her niece and said don\uc0{\u8217}t ever think twice to save your life. She grabbed a knife under her bed sheet and stabbed one of the intruders. They quickly ran outside but Jane did not believe what happened. She felt down, not realizing what she did.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}