{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy12\hr16\min56\sec14}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy12\hr16\min56\sec14}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Teddy was a drinker. Not a day went by without Teddy being intoxicated with either a whisky or lager or brandy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m going to Copa, there\uc0{\u8217}s feast there?\uc0{\u8221} Teddy told his mum.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Without beer?\uc0{\u8221} Maram, his mother asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I never visit an occasion where there is no beer,\uc0{\u8221} Teddy boasted in front of his father, mum, siblings and neighbors who cracked into a laugh.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They were relieved Teddy would not spent the day at home being a nuisance harrassing young kids and even chickens. \uc0{\u8220}Go but be careful of the river \uc0{\u8211} dark storm clouds are gathering,\uc0{\u8221} Mariam said, waving Teddy goodbye as he exited their homestead\uc0{\u8217}s rickety gate.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Teddy joined Bande, his equally jovial drinking mate as they waved a small lorry that was going down to Copa, the location of the feast. The hopped into the trailer of the lorry, something so blatantly illegal as per state road rules but they were on their way to the feast and nothing mattered to them, not even the rules.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The feast was a hive of activity. Beef, rice, scrambled eggs, hard boiled vegetables were flowing alongside opaque beer, wine, lagers, craft beer and some suspicously brewed whiskey which was smuggled from \uc0{\u8211} who knows. Grego, the local football team owner and village tycoon was the sponsor of the feast and it was his insistence that anyone could spoil themselves with food until they were helpless with delight. There was only one condition: no one was allowed to take the beer or leftover food home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s a halelujah moment,\uc0{\u8221} Teddy boasted as he lift a glass of frothy bananas beer after devouring a plate of goatmeat and macaroni.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Of course Teddy, you\uc0{\u8217}re the village comedian,\uc0{\u8221} Grego the tycoon laughed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You know me, whereever there is a feast \uc0{\u8211} I am present,\uc0{\u8221} Teddy replied, massaging his belly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The feast went on swimmingly well until dark clouds of storms intensified over Dima Mountain. Dima Mountain was in the east, in the Republic of Mozambique across the border in Mozambique. Storm clouds that gathered in the west over Chipinge Hills never brought serious rains, Mariam would say. But anything gathering over Dima Mountain in the east would bring ferocius rains, floods and gale force winds. Mariam\uc0{\u8217}s 60 years of age had taught her so much about African geography, the traditional way to measure the likely intensity of weather patterns without morder tools like humidity thermometers etc.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s better we walk up home before the rains pound,\uc0{\u8221} Bande reminded Teddy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Of course, that\uc0{\u8217}s a great suggestion,\uc0{\u8221} Teddy said as he gulped the last contents of a wheat beer before hitting the road back home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Teddy and Bande walked silently but fast along the 10km gravel road up to Hlabiso, their home village. It was a slightly long way but they were determined to increase speed and dodge the high winds that indicated a storm was minutes from hitting them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And it it. The rains were thin at first but the wind was ferocius and it made no difference soon which was more choppy the wind or the rain or both. Teddy and Bande were within striking distance of home with the rain having drenched their clothes. Their last hurdle, Haroni River, was flooded and it became a toss to cross it and risk their safety or brave the rain under a huge avocado tree until the rains subsided.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I will take the risk,\uc0{\u8221} Teddy told Bande.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s not worthy it, better we get sorry from the rain than brave a flooded river,\uc0{\u8221} Bande said trying to disuade Teddy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Teddy would not be cautioned. He walked alone, face stiff with courage and stepped his foot onto the bank of Haroni River. In a flash, he vanished from Bande\uc0{\u8217}s sight. He was not carried off by the flood but a something mysterious had dissapeared him. Bande only saw a flicker of light as Teddy vanished into water.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two days later when the rains had subsided, Bande struggled to narrate to Teddy\uc0{\u8217}s family and village elders what had happened to Teddy. The rains had halted and the river spot where Teddy apparently vanished was serene but filled with new white duck babies floating aimlessly at once place and some mysterious brown cloths laid atop the still waters.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Teddy\uc0{\u8217}s mum would not be calmed. She cried relentlessly until a village beer brewer cautioned her. \uc0{\u8220}Teddy has been taken away by a mermaid. You are not allowed to mourn or cry for a week until he returns. If you mourn, the river mermaid will kill him\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a feisty one week with Teddy\uc0{\u8217}s family supressing the urge to mourn and cry, and obeying the orders of the village elders. On Sunday, drums were heard beating next to the ducks on the riverspot where Teddy had vanished. Dozens of villagers ran to the river and gathered to see the spectacle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Teddy, with his head shaven, and beard immaculate, had resurfaced with two eggs in his right hand palm. Teddy was now a herbalist, a traditional healer after the mermaid released him back to the land of the living.}}\par
\sect
}