{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy16\hr08\min37\sec21}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy16\hr08\min37\sec21}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0 Esther would just like to draw the attention of women to the use of social media networks, especially those who are married.Esther lost her marriage because of social media. After 9years of living together, she has just separated from the father (Shum\uc0{\u8217}s) of her 2children.At first the internet and so on, said absolutely nothing to Esther. But when Esther discovered all these things that changed her daily life, Esther started to get addicted. Because of his profession Shum\uc0{\u8217}s is often absent and social network have allowed Esther to evacuate the anxiety linked to Shum\uc0{\u8217}s recurring absences\uc0{\u8230}and then Esther met on the net, a gentleman who asked Esther in.Over the days, Esther wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t do without our conversions. Shum\uc0{\u8217}s made Esther laugh a lot, which Esther really needed, and gave Esther advise too. And then there came a time when Esther wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t do without Shum\uc0{\u8217}s.When Esther didn\uc0{\u8217}t see Shum\uc0{\u8217}s online, it was a disaster. Without knowing it, this gentleman had replaced Shum\uc0{\u8217}s a little bit. Esther watched for the slightest connection from Shum\uc0{\u8217}s. And yet, at no time did Shum\uc0{\u8217}s flirt with Esther.It lasted 3 months and one day, we conversed, and Shum\uc0{\u8217}s told Esther that he could no longer hide his feelings for Esther, that Esther was woman of his life\uc0{\u8230}At 39, my heart was beating like 15 years old kid\uc0{\u8230} it had been so}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 long since Esther had felt such a feeling. But Esther was afraid because Esther lived as a couple and it was not suitable\uc0{\u8230}.Our exchanges therefore began to become sensual, passionate, intense\uc0{\u8230}Esther clung to this Shum\uc0{\u8217}s; Esther loved him without having seen him\uc0{\u8230} And then Shum\uc0{\u8217}s was on vacation. Esther had to reduce my conversation with her love of the net, especially in the evening. But sometimes Esther hid in the toilet to converse him, for just a few minutes and it felt good. But one day\uc0{\u8230}. Esther made a stupid mistake.A year and a half now, Esther live alone because of having no income she finally took the children since he refused to gave her something to care of them. And one day, Esther connected and explained everything to my love of the net. He was sorry for her but he had been frank; they have been married for 7 years and father for 4 children, he loved his little life even if I attracted him enormously. I think he wanted Esther to be his mistress, but Shum\uc0{\u8217}s didn\uc0{\u8217}t want anything anymore.Esther ended up blocking him everywhere, on the internet, on my phone. She wanted to turn the page on this course error.Esther prayed to lord to forgive her. Esther knows that in the bible it\uc0{\u8217}s written that the man must not leave his wife unless the commits adultery.Certainly, Esther had fallen in love with a man other my Shum\uc0{\u8217}s, it is true that Esther had sent him daring photos but Esther has not had any intimate connection with him, Esther has never even met}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 him since lived me in another country.Esther has committed adultery only in thought but also replied\uc0{\u8230}. Then he apologized and got up quietly as if nothing has happened. He was more afraid than harm that happened to our son. After sleeping over it, Esther went to the room.Shum\uc0{\u8217}s was lying on the bed while in the living room you could hear his favorite team playing on TV. It was not his habit\uc0{\u8230}.Esther asked the question of why he came to bed suddenly. He replied these terms: -\uc0{\u8216}\uc0{\u8217} Shum\uc0{\u8217}s followed a soap opera more interesting than his football match on your computer.\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} The shame of my life, the confusion, the fear\uc0{\u8230} Shum\uc0{\u8217}s got up, took his key and he left the house to return only the next day\uc0{\u8230}.The days that followed were the most difficult. Shum\uc0{\u8217}s no longer spoke to her. It lasted almost two weeks. Then one morning, he just asked her to leave his house. When Esther refused, he left her with the children. Esther did everything for him to come back but without a way!Today, Esther lost her home for nonsense and she regrets it. Esther had committed adults only in thought but was that enough for Shum\uc0{\u8217}s not to want her?Shum\uc0{\u8217}s had already taken another woman, but he suggested Esther\uc0{\u8217}s sister to stay with him and he had categorically refused them.Esther\uc0{\u8217}s advice is to ask women to pay attention to social network. They can build couples, but as with us, they can also destroy them.}}\par
\sect
}