{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy13\hr10\min49\sec09}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy13\hr10\min49\sec09}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since childhood, I have longed for elsewhere. I recall, for instance, lying on my back on the couch, gazing up at the ceiling at my parent\uc0{\u8217}s house in Johannesburg, daydreaming I had left home\uc0{\u8212}with all its complexity, richness and violence\uc0{\u8212}for another life. There was something pleasant and satiating about how bereft this reverie made me, how I wept for home when I pictured myself leaving it. My tears were cathartic, they eased some pain lodged inside of me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After spending over a decade away, from my early 20s to mid 30\uc0{\u8217}s, I came home to that same house. I spent the first few months in the garden, in a bikini on a tattered blue mattress, lying below the syringa berry tree. I ate watermelon, allowing the juice to spill down my chin and onto my body. I washed the stickiness off in the pool and dozed among the toxic berries that fell from the tree, the scent of its blossoms taking me back to childhood. My immense privilege meant I could take the time off work. I watched and listened to the birds and hoped that eventually, I would find my way out of sleeplessness and into rest.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I\uc0{\u8217}d been back home for six months when I realised I was still homesick. For over a decade, the engine of my life had been the absence of home. And now that I was home, I found my hunger unsatisfied. I longed for the place I had left behind, but mostly I longed for her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \qc{{\cf0\f0 ~}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I didn\uc0{\u8217}t choose to go back home. Or at least, it didn\uc0{\u8217}t feel like my choice. I have often struggled to take ownership over my decisions, and remaining undecided allowed me to pine, a feeling more satisfying than obtaining what it was I longed for.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The more inevitable my homecoming became, the more anxious and panicked I became, like a cornered animal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sister called and said, \uc0{\u8216}You\uc0{\u8217}ve been homesick for years. Why are you doing this to yourself?\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8216}I have to make it work.\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8216}But why?\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8216}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know, I just have to.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I\uc0{\u8217}d walk into town in the rain, blinded by the glare of the low, grey sky, adopting an open-armed disposition. I made eye contact and light conversation with people I encountered, in shops or on public transport. Most of the time they looked at me askance and so I\uc0{\u8217}d turn away. Later, I\uc0{\u8217}d complain of the lack of social warmth on the phone to my mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}You can\uc0{\u8217}t expect it to be like home,\uc0{\u8217} she\uc0{\u8217}d remind me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I knew she was right. Still, I felt jilted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had not immigrated out of necessity. I had left for what I thought would be a few years. This had turned into most of my adult life. It was as if I\uc0{\u8217}d hopped onto a raft, hoping to drift, only to find the current coursing me along at speed. This passivity was lulling, even soothing. It granted me the shelter of abdication. I told myself I could learn to desire the life I found myself in. But in my still moments, when everything was quiet, when I walked the dog in the park and noticed the bulbs pushing their way up through the soil, the light slanting through the trees, all I could think of was the possibility of a different life, elsewhere.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \qc{{\cf0\f0 ~}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t justify the anger at the social alienation I felt, I blamed my husband and when I could no longer justify directing this anger at him, I blamed myself. My Dutch was not good enough for effortless connection and it should have been better, given I\uc0{\u8217}d lived there for six years.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}I\uc0{\u8217}ve put so much time and energy into all this,\uc0{\u8217} I said, wringing my hands, on the phone to friends back home. I looked around at the apartment I\uc0{\u8217}d lovingly put together. Every piece of furniture carefully thrifted, every book chosen and handled. I imagined packing it all up and felt dizzy. I drank cups of scalding tea and paced on the phone, soliciting advice. I needed to outsource my decision. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know how to make it belong to me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}It\uc0{\u8217}s a sunk cost,\uc0{\u8217} C said. \uc0{\u8216}You don\uc0{\u8217}t have to stick with something just because you\uc0{\u8217}ve put time into it! There\uc0{\u8217}s no logic to that.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But to me there was a logic. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t care that the cost was sunk. I had friends there I loved deeply, gentle and tender friends. Even if we didn\uc0{\u8217}t see each other often, their nearness made me feel a semblance of home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \qc{{\cf0\f0 ~}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Perhaps the most compelling reason keeping me there, and which I had admitted to myself and certain friends, was that I was very much in love. It was the kind of love that had swept me up as if }{\cf0\f0\i out of nowhere}{\cf0\f0 , or so I repeated compulsively to myself and to whoever would listen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Retrospectively, I see how it came from somewhere. Somewhere beautiful and spacious where I felt my edges softening. Beers on summer evenings under the mauve sky. Her reading Mary Lavin out loud while I lay my head on her lap. The sadness of that particular story and what it meant to share in its small tragedies with her. Her riding in front of me, so at ease on her bike. Days spent on a hired boat, me taking the wheel with misplaced boldness and crashing into one of the houseboats anchored in the water. Bundled under starry covers on the air mattress, the untreated concrete floor of her still bare apartment expanding around us with its promise of a new start. Walking back to my apartment through the rain. Smiling when I thought about how my life, so predetermined for so long, so set on a certain course, had suddenly become porous and seeping, like a river breaking its banks. Trying to understand and comprehend how I could hold such joy at having found this love and such grief at having lost another, at the same time. Thinking of that place now makes me almost disbelieving. Had it been a real place or one I\uc0{\u8217}d largely imagined?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t with her, I went about my days as I\uc0{\u8217}d always done. I edited other people\uc0{\u8217}s writing. I walked the dog. I watched a heron swallow a fish whole on the banks of the canal. Always, I thought of her, trying to ascertain what she would think of what I was reading, what I was seeing, what I was doing. I wondered how she would appraise my life and its contents, should she be observing without me knowing it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was utterly invested in the narrative arc of our infatuation. On our long and rambling message thread, I sent her photos of book passages I thought she\uc0{\u8217}d enjoy. Parts of my body, though rarely its full image. I loved to read our thread from the very first message. }{\cf0\f0\i Hi, this is me. Let\uc0{\u8217}s grab a beer sometime}{\cf0\f0 . I\uc0{\u8217}d read greedily, in lieu of the novel on my nightstand. Her endearing formality, my effusive hearts and suns. Her fish, my dog. Her translations, my words. When she sent photographs of her as a child, I wanted to hold her child self and tell her everything would be alright. I saw in her features, traces of my own.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t with her, I made sure to daydream about her, so I would never be without her. Walking through the city in the rain, me draped over her shoulder like a searching, deciduous vine. Her hand casually touching the small of my back. That look she gave that told me, you have moved something previously unmovable in me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}It sounds more like obsession than love,\uc0{\u8217} a friend of mine observed, \uc0{\u8216}sometimes limerence can be confusing, it makes you forget yourself.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And I have thought of this possibility often since, of the distinctions between these states of mind and body. To me, they have always been indistinct, love becoming something I tend to as I would anything that absorbs me, with complete and full attention.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Whether love or obsession (I wanted it to be love so then it must have been), it was reason enough for me to wait and convince her and myself that I was living and not waiting. I have often made decisions out of love for another, decisions that have taken me both further away and closer to myself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Early on in our relationship, she said she was always going to live there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}I love the rain,\uc0{\u8217} she said. \uc0{\u8216}I love cycling until I\uc0{\u8217}m drenched. I seek out storms. I love being on the water.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I understood. Water bears the history of this place. But she also expressed a feeling of unbelonging. She\uc0{\u8217}d always felt somewhat separate from her home. We had this in common. But she did not see my home as a possible future home for her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}I\uc0{\u8217}m scared of your home,\uc0{\u8217} she admitted one day while we were lying in bed, drinking green tea from the tiny stoneware cups she loved. I nodded.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Part of me is scared of my home too.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I saw echoes of my home in hers, in the naming of the streets and neighborhoods\uc0{\u8212} Steve Bikoplein, Transvaalbuurt, Tugelaweg\uc0{\u8212}and in the language itself. And she saw traces of her home in mine. And so when it all fell apart and I returned, sick with stress, burnt up and breathless, I knew I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t leaving entirely.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At first, I was repelled by how much these hauntings reminded me of her. There was nowhere safe I could go to. Not the caf\uc0{\u233} where we\uc0{\u8217}d sat just a year before, on the trip that had started it all off, laughing and joking about our natal charts. Not the mountain path lined with pin cushion bushes, the sun birds perching in their low branches. Not the tidal pool where we swam first thing in the morning, the brace of the Atlantic making us breathless and numb. Not the bar where we listened to jazz and where afterwards we kissed on the pavement. A long kiss that seemed to carry on for a year.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \qc{{\cf0\f0 ~}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Time passes. It is autumn at home, though still hot. I lie out in the garden at my parent\uc0{\u8217}s house, the sunlight diffusing my anxiety. I imagine our homes, hers and mine, not as two distinct places on other sides of the world\uc0{\u8212}one northern and one southern\uc0{\u8212}but as interwoven not only by language and naming, but by our shared history. Though strained in the joining, our homes are nonetheless stitched together, intertwined like the warp and weft of fabric. It brings a kind of comfort, solace even, though not in the sense that the pain of our relationality is dulled, but rather in the sense that I have been altered by her and she by me.}}\par
\sect
}