{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy02\hr11\min35\sec47}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy02\hr11\min35\sec47}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Earth is going, we are about to leave!No, Can\uc0{\u8217}t you see earth is Going, we are about to leave!Which door to pass when the past death machine rumbles timing us to our doomsdays extinction as the planet reached the elastic limit?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On whose head our claim lays on when our inaction betrays our action in a warming that hurts butwarms the least hearts?Who must calm when we lost grip from a kingdom we fail to coronate with tolerance but enthroned with intolerance?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What a burden of curse as the wailing and writhing of a generation whose generous future wasransomed with brutal price will sway over our graves?What fine would quantify the bale of a fugitive who has robbed the universe of its fine nature thatnurses and nurtures all that once live with mercy and mighty?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No, we must know who we are, for earth is going we are about to leave!Are we are not the species that speaks for other species but fail to safeguard the unspeakable beings?Yes, we are.Are we are not the Homo-sapiens, the wise man who in his wisdom celebrates a dire emergency with no urgency? Yes, we are.Are we are not those failing to reveal our fancy fallacy for a utopian universe which has bequeathedus a dark cloudy storm towering in an almost void and null world threatening us to pack our belongings and vanish to those doors of no return? Yes, we are.Are we not those going to rest in less peace when our race for greed cheaply bargains our rightful co-existence with biodiversity? Yes we are.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No, we must act for earth is going, we are about to leave!We must not mourn but mount our courage and clear the way out of this messy deedWe must pay this and that reparation to once patience and ever innocent kingdom planet we usurped with fiery storm in our way to deathly deceptive quest before hell emerged out of once heaven, once eternal path.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We must pay discipline to the past, restore once beloved presence and merit the futureWe must! We Must! We Must! We Must! For earth must not go, we are about to stay\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}