{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy12\hr09\min29\sec19}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy12\hr09\min29\sec19}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was 7am of a winter day, I was walking on the street where the subtle raindrops where kissing the ground, I was going to learn how to treat people from diseases and infections.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Suddenly I felt the giant creature which was hugging the whole humanity trembled, a slow and soft shaking, it was like a complaint or warning about something. As the earth calm down I noticed the shortness of time and the long way I had to go. I had to walk faster so I don\uc0{\u8217}t face the teacher\uc0{\u8217}s punishments.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was 10:30am, I was standing by the bed of a seven years old kid who was wrapping herself in severe pain due to poisoning, waiting for serum to finish. At that moment it occurred again, the trembling, but this time it was so bad that it inflicted a terrible fear to the heart of four million people. That 35 seconds trembling made such a terrifying chaos in hospital environment that my eyes couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see anything except running away and my ears couldn\uc0{\u8217}t hear except loud screams. When I came to myself I heard a voice calling my name saying Zohal let\uc0{\u8217}s run out of here! Run and save yourself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Without thinking a second I started running toward the exit door, I was half way which I heard the voice of the sick kid who was saying: \uc0{\u8220}Mom! Everyone is gone except us, would we die here!!!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In this situation everyone says that leave others just rescue yourself, but at that moment I was thinking different, unconsciously I start running toward the kid although I knew with a second later I could be buried under the rubbles and die, but I went, I went to help the kid who was shouting \uc0{\u8220}isn\uc0{\u8217}t there to help us, can anyone help me and my mom please.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She was unable to move, maybe because of the big shock and fear that came to her, her body was disobedient and I could not move her. All I could do at that moment was to comfort the girl and not show my fear. \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t cry, I am here with you and your mom, I won\uc0{\u8217}t go anywhere\uc0{\u8221} I said to her. She took my hand strictly and said promise me you would stay with us if it happens again. I squeezed her hand and promised her not to leave them there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No one was in that yard to help us so I stared at her eyes and said: look sweet! We have to go out of here so you have to try to move your body so we can leave here, despite the pain she had she succeeded to move a little and fortunately we left the hospital and went to a safe place.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Finally I could return home from that huge crowd of horrified people with lots of problem, when I reached home I saw my family and all other families waiting outside of the buildings in open area far from walls and buildings. It was a really cold night, but we had to endure it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The earth was trembling every couple of hours and with each shaking it creates a deep tremor in our hearts. I waited the earth to say the reason of its anger, but it remained silent, I could see its chaos and rebellion, but it still remained silent.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The morning my older brother said that we should go far from city, so we decided to go to the Karokh village which was three hours away from city. We spent five nights there, I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how but we had good times and a lot of fun together despite all those panic and anxiety. Maybe it was because those incidents made us see our old friends who we had forgotten due to work and daily activities, sit together and spend time with them, and give one another a hot cup of tea and listen to one another stories.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After the sixth day we felt that the earth slowed down and is calm now, so despite the warnings we decided to return to the city. At 9 pm we arrived home, we were so tired and in need of a deep sleep with comfort. But again it happened, at 2:50 a big earthquake woke all of us up, running outside with panic and spending the cold night under the shining stars. The earthquake lasted 13 days, finally it was safe to stay to our home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next morning I saw a news on TV saying that they need blood for injuries of earthquake and I thought it is a good opportunity to take a hand and give a little help. I went and I talked to an 11 years old girl who had severe injuries due to shakes in there village, she was the only survival of her family, her mother, both brothers and her little sister were all killed and buried under the soil.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Beside her there was a 28 years old woman from the same village, she was very upset and complaining of unkindness of the earth; \uc0{\u8220}my little daughter was sleeping in room and I was washing the clothes in the yard, suddenly earth roared and I was surrounded with dust, I tried to get inside but a second later everywhere was dark that I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see anything and I was gone. After a while I opened my eyes and all my body was paralyzed, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t move nor see anything, I was breathing hardly, then I realized that I am under the dirt and rocks, I could feel the people walking on me but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t make any voice. Few hours later they take me out of there and saved me but I wish they wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t save me, I wish I would be next to my kid and husband in other world.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I was listening to their stories, half my heart was in such a heavy grief that I barely could take air into my lungs, and other half of my heart was in such a chaos and madness that it is pumping hot molten blood in my veins and vessels. Like that small girl and that woman there were thousands of other men and women complaining of earth, I placed myself as earth to search for a reason and a convincing answer for all these events but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t find.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I came home sad and distracted, sat next to the destructed small garden which once was a heaven for itself, whispering under my lips: its enough, we are all tired, oh earth! I am calling you! Can you stay calm? You see how innocent people lost their dear ones, falling in mourning and sadness, please calm down.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Earth spoke slowly and upset:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The depth of my sorrow is much more than my anger.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What sorrow! Who made you upset?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had a complaint, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know how to express it, it was the only way for you to remember that you owe me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What is your complaint? What could we humans do so bad that cost us our lives!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It has been millions of years that I survived of many planets and I make myself ready for you to live on me, prepared water for you to drink, grew fruits for you, wheat and vegetables, and embraced you with love. But you fight years on my soil for my lands, I built it but you destroyed it for power, you forgot me so early, forgot that you have to take care of me as you take care of your property. I embraced you but you claimed to own me and my lands and people on it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Isn\uc0{\u8217}t it normal for each region to have a ruler? If it does not prevail, order will be disrupted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The ruler must develop his land, the ruler must make efforts to achieve the goals of the people of the society, and the ruler must be the guide on the right path, not the recipient of the natural rights of women who are half of me. Who says that the ruler is the one who does not allow the girls of the society to study, who says that the ruler is the one who closes the gates of schools and universities so that only girls and women cannot study? I do not want to hold such people in my arms and nurture them. I gave these people the right to live, but how can they take it away from those innocent girls, which is a natural right and an essential necessity of humanity? Tell me, did I have another choice against these traitors who have been betraying me for years?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I listened calmly and stunned, later with a little thinking I said to myself that the earth is right, these earthquakes made half of Herat\uc0{\u8217}s people mourner, but in other hand taught us to stick more together and share our food with friends and neighbors.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Let think a bit more!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is the earth that sheltered us and let us get stronger and more powerful day by day, but we forget him and the other blessings that make us grow and prosper, as if there was no earth to shelter us, no air to touch our lungs and no water to quenching our thirst. But now there are opportunist people who prevent its girls to live their simple rights and kill their wishes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Oh my earth!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Continue your trembling until you destroy them, those who destroy me and destroy you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}