{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy11\hr12\min40\sec52}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy11\hr12\min40\sec52}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was very young when my older sister, Mphatso got married. It was back then in 2010 when my sister decided to get married. I used to think that she did it out of her choice but I figured out that it was another reason that made her to get married. just recently last year in 2023, I learned that my sister was pregnant when she got married. She was in love relationship with a certain guy whose name is Ngaboyisonga. When he reazided that my older sister was pregnant,\uc0{\u160}he decided to dump her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sister was very afraid and ran out of options. She was so confused and not knowing whatever to do in her life since she was pregnant and it was her first time. her boyfriend was a very disappointing creature in her life because they did everything out of love and there was no unintended situation that happened that they did not plan. they had a plan of getting married after my sister finished high school. However, it was not like that, they lost control of themselves and impregnated each other.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sisters School\uc0{\u160}ended the time she realized that she was pregnant. she could not manage to go to school again because she was afraid that her friends would laugh at her after they have seen that she is pregnant. on top of that once the school realizes that a student is pregnant, they send them away and they can never come back to school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sister used to have a certain guy called Emmanuel who chased her wanting to be his girlfriend. After he realized that my sister and her boyfriend are not in good times, she kept chasing my sister wanting the same thing as usual. my sister was very honest with Emmanuel that she was pregnant. Emmanuel told my sister that it was okay and he will take care of her and the baby.\uc0{\u160} my sister found this as an escape plan for people to laugh at her since it was humiliating for a girl who is in high school to get pregnant in our culture.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sister before she left to get married to Emmanuel, she approached me and told me what has happened to her. I was young back then but I was good enough to know if somebody is passing through hardships. I encourage my sister to stay strong and never to give up on her dreams when she gave birth to the baby.\uc0{\u160} My sister did not say goodbye to my parents, she decided to go to get married to Emmanuel right away.\uc0{\u160} I was the only person that she informed and I was loyal to her to keep the secret from our parents until she arrived at Emmanuel\uc0{\u8217}s place.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our parents were very angry at her for making such a decision. However, they come to understand whatever happened after my sister can to visit us. During this visit I asked my sister if there was a way for her to keep on doing her education since, she already gave birth.\uc0{\u160} she told me that it was possible since at the school that she was studying they didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what happened to her for her to drop out from school. I told her that that was a great idea for her to go back to school. When she went back to school her friends were mocking her saying that she is a mother who is back to school. \uc0{\u160} I used to encourage my sister that she should not mind about the mockery but focus on her future.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As of now my sister completed her bachelor\uc0{\u8217}s degree in accounting and she has a job at Centenary Bank in Mponela. Whenever we meet, I thank her for respecting my advice and if there is that person that she loves in her life is me among all her siblings. I cherish the love that I have between my sister and I and happy that she kept on dreaming big done being destroyed with a situation that she met while she was still in school.}}\par
\sect
}