{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy11\hr17\min01\sec34}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy11\hr17\min01\sec34}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was supposed to be after my last doctoral exam to tell her\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was 8 in the morning, and with great excitement and anticipation, I was gathering my belongings to head to the university. That day was meant to mark the hardest part of my life, finally completing my studies. However, that excitement wasn\uc0{\u8217}t because of these reasons; that day was meant to be when I would tell her on the way back home. We always walk from the university to the bus stop together; the route isn\uc0{\u8217}t very long, but it\uc0{\u8217}s so peaceful that I wake up every morning with excitement for it. The last time she asked if I\uc0{\u8217}m satisfied with which part of life is the most peaceful for me, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t confess how much those ten minutes until we reach the bus stop mean to me. I want all the good things to happen after all my problems are solved. I put everything off until after my exams, after finishing university, after finding a home, after resolving all the problems. I also put this off until after finishing university; I wanted to go with peace of mind and tell her how much those ten minutes mean to me, to the extent that I think about those ten minutes for twenty-three hours and forty minutes of the day, and a smile comes to my lips unconsciously.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After I went to the university that day and went through all the exhausting stages, my university life ended, and I waited for her excitedly near the university exit stairs. She always had the habit of leaving class earlier than everyone else because she believed that she shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t waste a minute of her leisure time on studying, and I found this ethic very interesting because despite all her hard work, she still cherished leisure time. But this time ten minutes passed, and she didn\uc0{\u8217}t come. It got more than ten minutes, and she still didn\uc0{\u8217}t come, but my excitement didn\uc0{\u8217}t diminish even a bit. After about forty minutes, I went near her class and saw that she wasn\uc0{\u8217}t there! It couldn\uc0{\u8217}t be that she didn\uc0{\u8217}t come today; it was her last day, and she had to be at the university. After their class ended, I asked her classmates about her, and they said, \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t you know? Last weekend when she was going on a trip with her family, their car had an accident, and we lost her.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At that moment, I had nothing to say, nor the strength to take a step.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now, almost a year has passed since her absence, and I\uc0{\u8217}ve come to understand a lot of things. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know exactly how many times I\uc0{\u8217}ve reproached myself for not telling her sooner how much I enjoy being with her, why I didn\uc0{\u8217}t say those ten minutes are precious to me. Now that I think about it, I really don\uc0{\u8217}t know why I always postponed the good things for after solving all my problems. Do human problems ever end? Perhaps now, after a year, I\uc0{\u8217}ve realized that problems never really end. The only difference is the type of problem. Maybe at that time, university was really hard for me, and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t bear it, but exactly after finishing university, I experienced the pain of losing her, and at that moment, I realized I shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t have waited so long! I shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t have waited until the first exam of my first semester ended! Why didn\uc0{\u8217}t I go on a trip with her in the midst of the hardest day of my life? Why didn\uc0{\u8217}t we go to the park to spend more time together? I had gotten used to postponing the days! I just wanted those hard days to end so I could tell her how much she means to me! Unaware that hard days never really end. Maybe I should have learned how to enjoy the journey, not be so immersed in the goal, is there really any guarantee that we will reach the goal? Is it worth it not to pay attention to any of the beauties of the hard days and just wait to see where the end of the road leads? Maybe if at that time, I had lifted my head high and enjoyed the beauties around me despite the difficulties, it would have been much easier for me. A person should try to enjoy the beauties of life amidst bitterness, so life becomes a bit easier, for example, right now as I hold the pen with tears in my eyes, the beauty of the spring blossoms in our backyard gives me a pure feeling, maybe if I had lifted my head high at that time, we could have seen many beauties together, maybe\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}