{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy02\hr18\min34\sec01}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy02\hr18\min34\sec01}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mbanjimbere, my brother, is a 38-year-old man who feels like he has married the devil\uc0{\u8217}s daughter. Deep down, he knows his children aren\uc0{\u8217}t his own, but his wife doesn\uc0{\u8217}t know that he knows. In 2017, while driving home, Mbanjimbere received a call from a workmate who had seen his wife with another man. The workmate took a photo of them together and sent it to Mbanjimbere. When he confronted his wife, she denied any romantic relationship with this man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Frustrated, Mbanjimbere decided to confront the man directly over the phone. They exchanged bitter words, and during the argument, the man said something that shook Mbanjimbere to his core. \uc0{\u8221}Ask yourself if you can even have kids? You\uc0{\u8217}re raising my son and daughter.\uc0{\u8221} An hour later, the man sent a long SMS apologizing, claiming he said it out of anger and insisting that he and Mbanjimbere\uc0{\u8217}s wife had never even hugged. But by then, Mbanjimbere\uc0{\u8217}s suspicions were already sky-high.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He went for a fertility test, and to his shock, the results showed that there were no sperms in his semen. It was undeniable proof that he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t be the father of his children. That day, Mbanjimbere fainted and ended up being admitted to the same hospital. He never told his wife what happened.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Determined to be sure, he underwent similar tests at three other hospitals, including one in Tanzania. Every test confirmed the same result: it was impossible for him to conceive children.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mbanjimbere began to harbour intense hatred towards his wife and the children. He didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to divorce her and let the whole world know that he had been fooled for so many years. So, he accepted the situation and kept this secret to himself. He has barely been intimate with his wife this year, he hasn\uc0{\u8217}t touched her at all.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 These have been painful years for Mbanjimbere. He feels that some women are so heartless that even Jezebel in the bible can\uc0{\u8217}t compete with them. They lie so convincingly that no one would even doubt them. He believes that men must be careful because women can outdo them. Sometimes Mbanjimbere wishes he could sleep and never wake up, but God keeps him alive even though he can\uc0{\u8217}t leave the devil he married.}}\par
\sect
}