{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy10\hr10\min22\sec19}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy10\hr10\min22\sec19}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was sitting in the detention cell with another detainee when the door opened and the jailer let two young women in.I had heard from fellow detainees that sometimes the interrogators send women among the detainees to talk about them. The feeling of distrust towards the new people was the prevailing atmosphere in the detention center, my former cellmate was signaling me with his eyes and eyebrows to be careful with my words, the new arrivals were young women who seemed to be very scared, I told them to console them. Sometimes they bring people who are kept in the detention center for one night and then released, maybe they will release you very soon. They started asking questions, they wanted to know why we were detained, how long we have been in the detention center and\uc0{\u8230}These consecutive questions made our stomachs more and more worried about the reason for their presence with us.The jailer called my name, the door opened and he gave me the blindfold to put on my eyes to go with him for interrogation.I removed the blindfold in the interrogation room. As usual, the meeting started by showing pictures of a two-year-old child. Every time he saw his childish and innocent face, he would unconsciously make up and this torture was repeated at the beginning of every interrogation session.The interrogators felt empowered to see the tears of the mother who was kept away from her toddler.The interrogator asked: Does he play with each other? Or the park of your blood?A bad thought crossed my mind! I said he is never alone!There are always a few people around!He said, do you think there is anything for us to take it?!I had hung up! He was threatening to steal my two-year-old child!I said: How dirty that everything comes to your mindThen I heard my screams. As if my screams were unconscious like my tears.I shouted: You are a criminal, you are dirtyThis cartoon is a crime against humanityCriminals, child killers, murderers\uc0{\u8230}The interrogation did not continueI was returned to the cellI was restless! I could not sitI used to walk in the small cell where there were 4 of us now, and I was banging on the door and yelling, criminals, cowards\uc0{\u8230}Cellmates try to calm me downA thought came to my mindI sat next to the two newcomers and said to listen carefullyI don\uc0{\u8217}t know who you are but you will probably be released soon like many others who have been in the past few days.I am so-and-so and I was threatened that my child would be stolen.If you are released from here, spread this news.My family should know and take more care of my child.Everyone should know.The newcomers assured me that they would do this to calm me down a bit.The newly arrived detainees were only kept in the detention center for one night and were released the next day, and this made my former cellmate more suspicious of them. He said that probably the interrogator had sent them and you shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t have asked them to report the threat of kidnapping your child, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have much hope that my voice would reach outside the detention center.After I was released, I found out that the newly arrived women kept their promise and had spread the news of the threat to kidnap my child.}}\par
\sect
}