{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy19\hr16\min55\sec51}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy19\hr16\min55\sec51}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The drive in the streets of Delhi was soothing. It was the kind of distraction I needed after my predetermined future had been stolen by the text from Jessica which had brought the melancholic sombreness. All I could think about at that moment was where she was, what she was doing and if she had even cared much after typing the reply. She had said she had been thinking about it for days before coming to the conclusion. Did I even have an impact on her or had I been delusional? Could be because of her and nothing to do with me. Maybe she was right? All these questions ravaged my almost mature brain which was left with a year to attain full capacity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I sat in the back seat, my face leaning towards the car window. The air conditioning kept my mind sane from the heat and humidity of the monsoons. It was hustle and bustle like before. Cars honking and Tuk tuks sprouting all the way ahead of us. Each stop at a robot attracted a multitude of people begging. Very thin mothers carrying hungry babies, transgender women of whom I could tell after looking at the hands which were manly and little children who had no guardians filled the streets trying to make a living\uc0{\u160} from begging. If you make the mistake of opening your window they would throw hands in the car begging in such a way that will leave you guilty for not giving them anything.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a silent trip with no conversation as my taxi driver could not speak English. \uc0{\u8220}Whose that?\uc0{\u8221} I asked pointing at an elephant Hindu god sculpture that was placed on the dashboard. \uc0{\u8220}Genesha,\uc0{\u8221} he replied whom I later\uc0{\u160} research and found that he is the son of Shiva. The body represented the physical and the two heads for the saw. I am a Christian but always fascinated by exploring other religions and getting the bases to their faith.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The trip came to an end at the Lotus temple, a magnificently built structure where multitudes would come to see and chant to their gods. I stood in a line to the entrance attracting a lot of attention probably because of my black skin. A lot of people would come to greet me and ask for a photo which I gladly agreed to as it was my little golden celebrity moment. We walked into the temple compound, its serene environment gratifying the view being aided by the neatly cut green lawns. At each point I always had some new friends whom we would wait a get a photo taken before proceeding. We were then made of remove our shoes, got an explanation of the rules which was done both in Hindi and English and then proceeded in quietly to sit in the temple benches. I wanted to take time to reflect upon the experiences I had over the previous days. However my mind built a wall and I kept staring at the roof meditating upon nothing. I had been so focused on one person to the point that the environment around did not matter anymore. After a few minutes, I went out where a pretty Indian lady was waiting to get a picture with me. As I was about to get comfortable around her, the husband stepped into the picture standing beside her prompting me to behave myself.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Next I visited a Gurudwara which is a Sheikh temple where a service which looked more like a ritual took place. I had to wear a doek at the entrance, remove shoes and drink water from the fountain of blessings. The Gurudwara\uc0{\u8217}s walls were made of beautiful designs in gold with ancient magnificent art stuck on the walls. Everyone inside was quiet but a priest who was chanting in front performed the ritual. As I could not understand the language, I saw people from time to time kneeling and placing their foreheads on the ground. I followed suit but instead would make a prayer to my God. After the service we went to the pool where there were fish you could touch with your bare hands. I scooped water and made a wish. It was called the pool of prosperity hence one\uc0{\u8217}s wishes would be granted so I took the chance to ask for Jessica back into my life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The rest of the day was spent visiting the India gate\uc0{\u160} and Lodi garden. I stopped to get some food on my way to the hotel now fully rejuvenated. It was at this point I thought of Bwetsha! Frantically, I picked up my phone and dialed her number which went straight to voicemail. I knew something was amiss. She was always with her phone all the time and had only turned it off the night we had an argument about Gugulethu. On arrival at the hotel, I could go straight to her room as her friends would be there, hence I waited for her on the second floor where dinner was being served. Moments of desperation and jumping into conclusions passed until she showed up with her other Nigerian mates. It seemed like I forced a hug on her to which she pulled off quickly and promised that she was coming back. I waited not knowing how to explain myself when she came back . That I had been in love with another girl who dumped me so I had to clear my mind? That would be insane and make everything worse. Before I could figure out anything she showed up with a straight face that had sadness engraved in all its margins. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ve never been hurt by a man before. You are actually the first one. I thought I at least mattered to you and we had promised each other to do things together yet you chose to go spend your day with whoever knows who.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Wait!\uc0{\u8221} She stopped me before I could even defend myself. \uc0{\u8220}You don\uc0{\u8217}t know how embarrassed I was after ditching my people telling them I will be with you. After all you have reminded me that men are not to be trusted!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She was almost in tears. I also felt that defending myself would be useless at this point.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It was nice getting to know you and have a safe flight tomorrow.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}But we still have the whole night to talk ?\uc0{\u8221} I retorted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She burst into tears at that point. I then asked her to step aside so that people around would not notice what was happening. Seeing her cry like this made me feel awful about myself. I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t realised I hurt her this much.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ve got to leave and be with my delegation,\uc0{\u8221} she said as she left me standing. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t stop her. I just stood there trying to process what had happened. Had I just lost two people dear to me in one day? At this point I felt I was the one with the problem.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I then thought about the fortune teller. At this rate, she must have lied to me about my future. I ripped off my tie, went into the elevator to my room and threw myself on the bed. I was done. I wanted to go back home!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {}\par
\sect
}