{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy11\hr15\min59\sec17}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy11\hr15\min59\sec17}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Extraordinary Sportsmen\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since 2006, when the organization began, I have been an active member of the Henry Viscardi School Alumni Association. One of the main programs that the association runs is a wheelchair basketball team. I played on the Cubbies in elementary school and the Cougars in high school when I was a student at HVS. I was just an average basketball player, but some of my friends, including PJ, Nestor and Steven, were really good. I was very happy when Kate said that HVS was thinking of starting up an alumni basketball team. A few months later, we had our first basketball practice.\uc0{\u160} We were very lucky that Coach Joe Slaninka, who was my coach all through school, consented to be head coach of the alumni team again. He still works at HVS. Nestor and Steven were also members of the inaugural team.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We play basketball weekly using a system of three hoops. The people that can physically shoot the ball up from their chairs, at a regular height hoop, use the eight foot hoop. While people who can\uc0{\u8217}t quite shoot that high, use a four foot hoop. For people in a power chair, like myself, we use a two foot hoop. Usually I take the inbound pass from a player who uses the eight foot hoop. Chris, one of the other coaches, made a device that clicks onto my knee block and holds the ball in a cup-like device. It tips over when I hit a switch, so that I can score a basket. Switch devices can be used for many applications; including\uc0{\u160} communication devices. Some people even drive their wheelchairs with a switch device.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When we are playing, if we are near the end of the game, the opposing team would play full court defense on us, just like they would in an able bodied basketball game. If I\uc0{\u8217}m lucky enough to get near the basket, I drive up to it and hit the switch, which tips the device over, making the ball go into the basket. Usually I do not make it all the way down the court without someone blocking me in, so I pass to a person who shoots at the eight foot net. This is accomplished by them taking the ball from the cup. The person who shoots at the eight foot hoop almost always uses a manual chair so they are much more maneuverable than I am. That person then takes a shot and usually makes it most of the time. The system of who guards who is determined by what hoop you were able to shoot at. The people that shoot at the two foot hoop guard each other. The people that shoot at the four foot hoop guard each other and the people who shoot at the eight foot hoop guard each other. If you need to double team the player who has the ball, anybody can assist the person who is guarding that player.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When we are just practicing, the captains of each team pick people for their teams. When we play in tournaments, we play against other schools\uc0{\u8217} teams. In the fall semester, HVS holds a tournament on a Saturday, usually in December. The tournament is called The Sportsmen Tournament. HVS has a crazy record in this tournament. It has been going on for thirty years and HVS has a winning record of 29-1. The basketball program added an alumni game to this tournament in 2020 so we can participate the way we always had.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the spring semester, we do the same thing; practicing almost every week. When I was a student at HVS, every spring we played basketball in the tournament at the Empire State Games for the Physically Challenged. This event is for people with physical disabilities sanctioned by the state of New York.\uc0{\u160} It is similar to the Special Olympics Games, held for people with intellectual disabilities. HVS almost always won the gold medal at the wheelchair basketball tournament for the state games when I was a student. In 2021, the games added a game outside of the competition so the alumni program could showcase their talent. This game has continued every year since that time.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since the founding of the school , the gym teachers and therapists at HVS successfully adapted every sport so that it would be accessible for everyone, similar to the basketball system. This continues for the students that attend HVS today.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the past, when I was on Cougars high, we played against the Harlem Globetrotters. Students at HVS continue to play wheelchair hockey every year against the New York Islanders. I participated in the first alumni game against former Islander players in 2023.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I continue to be grateful to HVS for giving me the opportunity to meet so easily with my friends, whether it be to play a sport or to have a nice dinner in a familiar place. Most of the people I know from HVS are also disability advocates. Every time I get to see them, this leads to more advocacy opportunities thereby furthering Doctor Viscardi\uc0{\u8217}s dream of a completely inclusive world where nobody is excluded because of their physical limitations.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}