{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy19\hr15\min01\sec10}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy19\hr15\min01\sec10}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Facing Today, Looking Forward to Tomorrow!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By Emmanuel}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a refugee camp the only way to describe life is \uc0{\u8220}tough.\uc0{\u8221} Living as a refugee isn\uc0{\u8217}t easy and survival requires more effort than life elsewhere normally would. But the greatest challenge is to maintain hope that your situation will improve \uc0{\u8211} and that you can continue to overcome the obstacles life in the camp brings. In Malawi\uc0{\u8217}s Dzaleka Refugee Camp, we take every day as it comes.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Every morning when I wake up, the first thing I do before heading to school is read a quote from a motivational speaker. I have found inspiration in a quote from Ambrose Redmoon who says:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Courage is not the absence of fear, but the judgement that what we want is far more important than that fear.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I want more than my refugee status tells me I deserve. The 1951 Convention Relating to the Status of Refugees stipulates that refugees should have at least the basic rights of access to public education and to wage earning employment. However, many refugee host countries have not granted these rights and have instead limited refugees to the opportunities within the boundaries of the camps. Here in Malawi, refugees do not have the right to freely work or attend public school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dzaleka refugee camp is very small, congested and surrounded by local villages. This means that refugees also\uc0{\u160} lack access to agricultural land as well as the urban economy. As a result most refugees rely entirely on food aid and other external assistance. In the camp, there are individuals who were qualified doctors, engineers, and architects in their home countries. But here in Dzaleka they sit idle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Watching them, the thought of leading an unfulfilled life because of my status and not being able to support my family terrifies me. As the oldest child in my family, I have a responsibility to pave the way for my younger siblings. For me, the path I want to clear for them is one that leads to education and meaningful employment.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My colleagues and I here in Dzaleka are committed to transcending the limitations of our refugee status, and finding creative ways to access the rights we deserve. For me, possibility lies online. It is through the Internet that I was able to attend university, and now it is through remote work that I am able to earn a living.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since completing my BA degree, I have seen myself transition from someone who would make uninformed decisions to an individual with innovative and entrepreneurial approaches to all challenges life throws at me. The digital and remote-based networks I have established and the skills I have learned through the program have catapulted me beyond the dependent life my refugee status had determined for me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By providing us with tools for self-reliance, SNHU\uc0{\u8217}s higher education program for refugees and others affected by displacement has made it possible for disadvantaged students to navigate the most challenging aspects of refugee life. The program also emphasises gaining work experience through internships. I first completed a three-month remote internship as a GEM Employment Intern. In this role, I found success in learning by doing, and was soon promoted to a full time role. My career achievements highlight the efficacy of GEM\uc0{\u8217}s competency and project-based learning.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In my current work, I actively pursue socioeconomic support networks for refugees and members of host communities with international employers such as Shipra Kayan, Conversations Unbound, IDInsight and many more. Through these networks that I am helping to establish, other refugees like me as well as my Malawian peers in the SNHU program, have been able to put their degrees to use and contribute to causes that are important to them and their communities.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite the barriers, we are showing how refugees can still engage and have a positive impact on the local economy by being the link between international employers and the local economy. Both myself and my peers are pursuing\uc0{\u160} remote work to become self-reliant and thus contribute to the Malawian market. My hope is that one day, when Malawi lightens restrictions on the rights of refugees to work in the local economy, I will be able to take the skills I have learned online and invest in businesses and organizations here in Malawi. Access to this remote work has uplifted many refugees in Dzaleka Refugee Camp. I believe that this innovative employment pathway is a solution to the limited access to sustainable livelihoods and the lack of needed professional skills in my community. I am honored to be a trailblazer in this mission.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}