{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy09\hr13\min04\sec32}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy09\hr13\min04\sec32}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Failed marriage }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was 19 years old when I felt I needed to get married. I had just finished senior high school and did not feel passionate enough for higher education. I do not know why, but I developed a strong feeling that I needed to start a family of my own. My long-time boyfriend Mark was ready to make me his wife, he cared for me, take me out on dates. And always stood by my side in challenges; all we needed was to present our wishes to our parents. Mark\uc0{\u8217}s parents were okay with it; however, my parents stood against the idea. \uc0{\u8220}You are too young to get married; you are not yet independent, and here you are thinking of getting married,\uc0{\u8221} said my mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My dad was not home, and when he came in the evening from work, my mother told him what I had said. My father got angry. \uc0{\u8220}Are you out of your mind?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}Your friends are thinking of going to university, or you can think of marriage!\uc0{\u8221} My father did not want to hear anything about marriage. \uc0{\u8220}What am I going to tell my boyfriend, Mark?\uc0{\u8221} I asked myself. A lot of ideas ran through my head. \uc0{\u8220}Should I elope?\uc0{\u8221} I asked myself. \uc0{\u8220}Elopement would be a great embarrassment to my family.\uc0{\u8221} I decided to push harder until my parents agreed to my request to get married. I went ahead to talk to my uncle Jacob. \uc0{\u8221}Uncle, I want to get married, but my parents are against it. I think if they continue like that, I\uc0{\u8217}m going to elope.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}That would be a great shame to you and to the family; do not think of such.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}But they are rejecting my marriage; you expect me to sit and do nothing!\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Go home by the weekend; I will come and talk to your parents.\uc0{\u8221} I was summoned by my parents, my uncles, and my aunt Flora; they asked me to tell them what I wanted. \uc0{\u8220}I love Mark, and I want to get married to him.\uc0{\u8221} I spoke. \uc0{\u8220}What about your education?\uc0{\u8221} Untie Flora asked. \uc0{\u8220}Maybe in the future I will go to university, but now I want to get married to Mark.\uc0{\u8221} My family, seeing that I was so determined to get married, granted my wish. \uc0{\u8220}Marriage is not as easy as you think; there are challenges and many sorts of problems, but since it\uc0{\u8217}s what you want, tell your boyfriend that we are ready to meet his people for marriage preparations.\uc0{\u8221} Said my father.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was over the moon to finally be allowed to marry Mark. Mark\uc0{\u8217}s people came after a week and paid the bride\uc0{\u8217}s price. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m so happy; you are finally going to be mine forever.\uc0{\u8221} Said Mark. It did not take long; after 3 weeks, we had our traditional marriage. It was amazing to see so many people come from both families. Delicious traditional food was prepared; it was amazing eating rice and potatoes with sauce prepared. Drinks made from bananas were served. Dance and music conclude the day. Mark, my husband, and I went to our new home with joy. We were happy new weds. I was home, and Mark had a small-scale business that was supporting our basic needs. Love was so sweet. We felt like the world was occupied by only us. We were like Adam and Eve in the garden of Eden before eating the forbidden fruit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However, as the days went by, what felt like love started becoming sour. Mark started shouting at me like a little child, which was new. I tried talking to him, but he could not give me a listening ear. He went as far as beating me for not waking him up in the morning for appointments and schedules he did not talk to me about. I had to seek the intervention of his family. His family talked to him, and he went clean and told them that he thought he loved me but felt nothing for me and that he was disgusted to see me. He did not want the marriage any more. I felt bad; why would he do such a thing to me? I cried the whole day, packed my belongings, and went back to my parents. My family wasn\uc0{\u8217}t surprised, as they knew that neither Mark nor I had matured enough to start a family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My parents and Mark\uc0{\u8217}s parents sat together to find a solution for our problem. They called us, and we both agreed to divorce. It did not take long before we were declared free from marriage bondage. After that day, I called my entire family and begged for their forgiveness for not listening to their advice about not rushing into marriage. \uc0{\u8220}So, from here, what is your plan?\uc0{\u8221} my father asked me. \uc0{\u8220}I want to further my education.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s my daughter talking.\uc0{\u8221} Everybody smiled and was happy. My father paid my tuition fees, and now I\uc0{\u8217}m studying for my Bachelor of Arts in Public Administration.}}\par
\sect
}