{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy30\hr00\min19\sec13}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy30\hr00\min19\sec13}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sara, a small rural girl unaware of all the comforts of the world, drowned in her simple life, her only joy and happiness was grazing her father\uc0{\u8217}s animals every single day of the week.When Sara came into fourteen years old her birthday gift was bitter and scary news for her; she should get married as soon as possible, as her father believed.Among the families there was a lot of discussion about which one of the surrounding tents Sara would become the bride of, so that her father would own a few sheep and camel in exchange for Sarah. Little Sara was unaware of these while she was grazing her father\uc0{\u8217}s sheep with old clothes and rotten shoes.It was here that fate had decided something else for Sara, a tourist was passing by and his eyes fell on the beautiful girl, he approached and greeted her. Sara answered his greeting in the silence with a beautiful smile, wondering who this man was? Why Isn\uc0{\u8217}t he like her father and her brothers and the rest of the men? Has this man come from another world? What is this man riding, why doesn\uc0{\u8217}t he have a camel like us? Fear took hold in Sarah\uc0{\u8217}s heart and she started to run away. When her father saw Sarah, he got up and saw the tourist. He greeted him and said, \uc0{\u8221}Who are you, sir?\uc0{\u8221} He said: Sohrab, I am a tourist. I was passing by I just wanted to say hi. I am thirsty if you get some water I would be happy. Father turned to Sara and said, \uc0{\u8221}My daughter, bring a pitcher of milk for Mr.Sohrab, he is our guest.\uc0{\u8221} Sara felt safe with her father and gave some milk to the tourist. Then Sohrab thanked him and asked God to protect him and wanted to continue his way. Sara\uc0{\u8217}s father prevented him from leaving. \uc0{\u8221}Mr. Sohrab, the sunset is near and there are many animals here at night. They may harm you. Be our guest tonight and continue your journey at sunrise.\uc0{\u8221} Hearing this, the tourist was happy and stopped. That night Sara\uc0{\u8217}s father talked a lot about Sara and said that he wanted to marry Sara with a fifteen-year-old boy from the village in exchange for twenty sheep and ten camels. The tourist, besides the beauty of Sara, when he found out about her talents and shrewdness, he thought to himself, \uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s not fair that this talent and beauty gets lost under the soil of these plains. He said to Sara\uc0{\u8217}s father, give Sarah to me in exchange for 50 sheep, I promise to make her happy. Sara\uc0{\u8217}s father accepted excitedly and told Sarah to pack her things and told her that she will accompany Mr. Sohrab in the morning.Sarah was afraid and she looked at her mother and shouted, \uc0{\u8221}No, I\uc0{\u8217}m not going, I want my mother! I don\uc0{\u8217}t go with this man.\uc0{\u8221} Sara\uc0{\u8217}s mother had tears in her eyes and said, \uc0{\u8221}Man, let\uc0{\u8217}s give our daughter to this guy in the tent next to us. It\uc0{\u8217}s okay, the number of sheep is fewer, at least our daughter is with us.\uc0{\u8221} Sara will become Mr. Sohrab\uc0{\u8217}s companion. Upon hearing this, Sara became sad and cried and went to her flock of sheep with a broken heart.It was the worst night of her life, crying till morning with the fear of her dark future without her family beside her.In the morning, Sara joined Mr. Sohrab and went to his luxurious house in the city. She entered the house which was like a palace for her. Sohrab called his wife Halima. Madam, come and see what a beautiful gift I brought you! Mrs. Halima came out of the room in a hurry and her eyes fell on Sara and said, \uc0{\u8221}Who is this beautiful girl?\uc0{\u8221}Sara was no longer that little girl with old clothes and rotten shoes grazing sheep, now her nice clothes made her even more beautiful and she had a happy life with Mr. Sohrab and his wife. A week passed and Sara entered the literacy classes and started her new life. With the extraordinary talent she had at the age of 18 she finished school and entered law university. Sara had grown up and was very worried and missed her father and mother whom she had never been able to see from that day. Days passed and Sara couldn\uc0{\u8217}t find her family. Unexpectedly, three years later on a working day an old man with a bent back entered Sara\uc0{\u8217}s office to complain about the loss of rights of the Kochi people. When Sara saw him, tears rolled down her cheeks, and she got up and kissed the old man\uc0{\u8217}s hands. Saying the word father, she hugged him with endless happiness, it was her father.Sara\uc0{\u8217}s father was surprised and happy to see her daughter in such a position, defending her people\uc0{\u8217}s rights. When Sohrab becomes aware of this become so happy. He invited Sara\uc0{\u8217}s father and his friends in his house and talked a lot about Sara\uc0{\u8217}s life.Sara\uc0{\u8217}s father thanked Sohrab and said that after that day, Sara\uc0{\u8217}s mother could not tolerate this matter and she was getting sicker day by day. We didn\uc0{\u8217}t know where to find Sara, and we lost her due to an illness, she continued with tears in her eyes, I wish she could see this day. Now I am happy that I gave my daughter to an angel.Sara\uc0{\u8217}s father continued: \uc0{\u8221}This young man with me is Omid, the boy which I wanted sara to marry him years ago. He is our people\uc0{\u8217}s representative and is still single waiting for Sara.Days passed and Sarah married Omid, but not in exchange for sheep and camels, but in exchange for a Holy Quran and a happy life.}}\par
\sect
}