{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy02\hr14\min25\sec12}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy02\hr14\min25\sec12}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Falling off the cliff}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Part 2}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}ve made me a happy girl today,\uc0{\u8221} were the words Zoe said in response to the \uc0{\u8221}I love you and will you be my girlfriend\uc0{\u8221} question she had received from Kuda. The question had already been overdue hence she did not even hesitate to think of any other answer but a yes. Before officialising their relationship, the two had already made a bucket list of things that they were going to do and places they were to visit. Too much for two souls who do not even own a drivers license?\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The two started going on dates in trying to break the physical distance that was still solid between them. Each time before meeting , Kuda would calculate in his mind how their first kiss was going to come out like. At the end of each day, he would return disappointed at himself for not finding an opportune time to proactively fulfill his dream. \uc0{\u8220}The best day ever,\uc0{\u8221} would be Zoe\uc0{\u8217}s caption on her WhatsApp statuses and she posted the beautiful new couple enjoying their honeymoon phase. Kudakwashe would reiterate the same on his statuses with the same amount of joy though deep down his mind would still calculate how he was going to break down the physical barrier the next time they would meet. The two met during the night for Christmas carols, went for ice cream during the day and enjoyed sunsets lying on the grass of the botanical gardens park. At this time, not even an ant could come between the two.They were really falling off the cliff with each other without caring about what would happen. All they new was that they had each other and that\uc0{\u8217}s all they needed to survive in their paradise.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On one showing January day, Kuda managed to gather all his confidence and reached for Zoe\uc0{\u8217}s lips. The world at that time came to a stop. All senses in contact with the external stimuli became dysfunctional except the ones that were allowing them to enjoy the softness of their engagement. This was going to be the reference kiss. A memory that was going to mend them up each time a dark cloud was to hover around their relationship. The kiss was so pure and reassuring that at that very moment, the two were in the right place and in the right hands. One experiencing that feeling would have wished to stay in the trance for the rest of the day but anyways all good things come to and end.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kuda worked hard to get his driver\uc0{\u8217}s license and Zoe followed suit. Two inexperienced drivers who love each other and full of careless adventurous ideas started on their escapades as Zoe had just received her first car as a gift from her parents. They started teaching each other how to drive, the blind leading the blind kind of set up, drove into game parks with lions, canoed in dams with people marveling at how such a sweet couple they were and knocking on the door of every restaurant they could find and trying out food at each.At this time, Zoe bought Kuda a watch with an engraving that said \uc0{\u8220}you will always be my love\uc0{\u8221} and these words were to stand for the rest of their entire existence. The two had their first road traffic accident which they supported each other through as none got hurt but had to deal with the third party person. As they say, through thick and thin.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The whole first and second year of the relationship passed with no one between the two noticing at how time flew. They were so in love with each other in a selfless way and were ready to leave anything to be with each other. However ,they did not live in a bubble and external forces were to start manifesting in the coming year. Was it going to change how they felt towards each other? I would be also curious to know!}}\par
\sect
}