{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy22\hr15\min17\sec36}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy22\hr15\min17\sec36}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 fatherly :\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I clearly remember the first time I smoked a cigarette.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One winter night, I went with my university friend to the street behind the campus. She took out a blue-filtered cigarette from her small bag and gave it to me. As I was lighting it, I told myself that I would try it just once for the experience.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It felt pleasurable, knowing I was doing something I had decided for myself, even though it was destructive and harmful. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t care if it was good or bad. What mattered was that I was doing something against his wishes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A year after my first cigarette, I tried another drug that was very common among people my age. This time too, it was to prove my opposition to him, to show him that I was doing everything he disapproved of without any regret.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Although he didn\uc0{\u8217}t know, I realized years later that every time he approached to kiss me or greet me, he could smell the cigarette but chose not to mention it. It was unusual behavior, unlike his typical dictatorial demeanor.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Perhaps he didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to believe that I had become the kind of person he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t tolerate. I also did other things, like talking and socializing with many boys, knowing he hated it.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the day of selecting my major for graduate school, I chose a city I had always wanted to study in. The farther it was from where we lived, the more pleasant it was for me. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to see him.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had always hated him. Maybe he didn\uc0{\u8217}t know, but sometimes I felt he was aware of it. Sometimes I felt he hated me too, and although I disliked him, I felt hurt if I thought he disliked me.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Perhaps because he didn\uc0{\u8217}t have the right to hate me. He was the one who brought me into this world. He was my father.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Unfortunately, I hated my father and did anything to spite him. I studied a field I didn\uc0{\u8217}t like just to move to a city far from him. And I did all the other things under the pretense of hating him. Sometimes, I even wished for his death but then felt remorse and cursed myself. However, his behavior quickly showed me he didn\uc0{\u8217}t deserve my regret, and I would wish for his death again. This cycle always repeated.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 If you ask why I hated him, I think I wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t have a very convincing reason. He was a father like all other fathers of his generation, with his strictness and fatherly advice, always saying it was for my good.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I knew people with far worse fathers, but when their fathers got sick, they worried about them. Maybe they were just pretending, but I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t the type to pretend. When I was told he almost had a heart attack, I answered my mother\uc0{\u8217}s call indifferently and didn\uc0{\u8217}t feel sad at all.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite all this, I know he loves me, but certainly not as much as other fathers do. Much less than most fathers in the world.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now it\uc0{\u8217}s been five years since I\uc0{\u8217}ve lived away from him. My hatred has lessened. I see him once a year and talk to him on the phone every few months. We don\uc0{\u8217}t have much to discuss. I have learned to stand up to the things he imposes on me and realized that maybe all he did was out of love for me.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But don\uc0{\u8217}t be mistaken, I still dislike him for the past. I consider him the reason for most of my mistakes in life, the reason I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t do many things, like becoming an actress, which he opposed. The reason I\uc0{\u8217}m not emotional and easily wish death upon anyone who hurts me is him. At least, that\uc0{\u8217}s what I think.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After five years, I slowly realized I should do what I love, not just things he hated.}}\par
\sect
}