{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy16\hr22\min17\sec21}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy16\hr22\min17\sec21}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Physical exercises are the most good thing in our life for our healthy,it is a good therapy for your body muscles and for our heart and lungs. Most people in our country Zimbabwe \uc0{\u160}are now understanding the goodness of exercising, at last, I think .}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was a fat woman and my weight was 80kgs ,when ever I passed through public places like town ship ,they call me fatty fatty mama!small children followed me singing who made \uc0{\u160}the fatty fatty mama and that annoyed me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day it was on Friday going to my work place early in the morning, I passed through Zimgrounds, a famous venue in the city of Harare, our capital. I heard some voices coming from the ground ,I went closer to the durawall and look through\uc0{\u160} a broken piece of durawall. Then I saw people both woman and man jogging \uc0{\u160}doing cardio , workouts \uc0{\u160}aerobics \uc0{\u160}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I got interested on what I saw people doing ,but what inspired me the most is there was a huge man with a big stomach and long beard. His name was Coach Paddy, I was told and he was shouting \uc0{\u8220}hey!! Hey\uc0{\u8221} to me in no time. Mr Beard, as I now call Coach Paddy, commanded me to jump and that felt cruel and amazing for the first time ever.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In Zimbabwe the fitness industry is growing on daily bases,fitness coaches formed an association called Zimbabwe Aerobics Fitness Association (ZAFA) and they are training \uc0{\u160}more fitness coaches through (ZAFA) \uc0{\u8211} and men dominate these spaces.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Being a woman, I am that new generation of GenZ women flipping the local traditions which frowns upon women who try to get physical and do bodybuilding as rebels against patriarchy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wake up at 4am daily and walk from my location Highfield to another location called Waterfalls where there is a fitness club called united military fitness club(umfc). At \uc0{\u160}this club they do Aerobics, it starts at 5am to 6am i walk almost 4km to reach the place. At our club we work as a team. There I met with different type of people and I got motivated a lot because there are also \uc0{\u8216}fatty mummies\uc0{\u8217} like me but they are strong ,when 1person failed to complete the workout we got punished as a team again ,when the workout is killing you ,you heard coaches shouting half way ! Or 8 more counts sometimes you mock the coach inside your heart saying can\uc0{\u8217}t you see that I\uc0{\u8217}m tired ,it is called go hard or go home and our motto is \uc0{\u8221}we don\uc0{\u8217}t stop because we are tired we stop when we are done \uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When time goes on when I was at the club I gained endurance and consistency I became a fitness coach ,now I\uc0{\u8217}m fit and strong and also an amazing body shape, I shed my weigh it\uc0{\u8217}s now 65kgs .I encourage most ladies like me to join the amazing lifestyle in fitness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I\uc0{\u8217}m enjoying my health ,and my fit body ,note that when you exercise you sleep well eat well and live a healthier life because when you exercise you burn unwanted calories and excess fat in your body ,that\uc0{\u8217}s the end of my story ,hope you enjoyed and like something \uc0{\u160}in my story of fitness.}}\par
\sect
}