{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy20\hr17\min03\sec52}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy20\hr17\min03\sec52}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}FAUX PAS ON THE JUSTICE\uc0{\u8221}When justice cries over being depressed, there is certainly going to be a twist in the hearts of the rich. Why should the whole community be involved in injustice? Someone you should blame is so culpable for it: thus faux pas in terms of justice. There was one rich man who owned a number of workers he considered trust worthy for he was a man who always believed in farming. The least possible harvest of this man was usually one hundred thousand tons of maize each and every year. He was always observed improved methods of farming. He made for ten workers who were very poor. As the master was concerned about the status of these poor villagers and in consideration with the social the injustice there, he considered the ten for their survival.He took them home to provide for them there with all the necessities of their human needs. Very good of him and kind gestures. He offered them a chance to consider themselves as members of the family and ever remain in joy. He then assigned them to open up a new garden and work on it till harvesting time; the only work for which they were awarded all the chances on merit. The chances were not themselves payment, but usual amount of money which he usually gave them.The laborers utilized the chances initially so outstanding, however it reached a point were they forgot about the past completely, they begun doing what was injust.When time of harvesting came, they sold almost half of the harvest right in the field, it remained the secret deed of which the master was not aware of it. He was only surprised to see the little harvest when actually he had the prospects of having the bumper yield he had ever had.it was a disgrace. A friend who cared had the ears of the master pinched; alas!!! The great thieves were discovered.What else did the master had to do as to show his great love for the workers? Frankly speaking, there was nothing good that he failed to do for the ungrateful laborers. Being just, he did not want to pervert the course of justice, for he was justice itself. He notified the police of the theft and had the ten behind the bars. Then, that they were in custody for selling the property of their master an act that was secretly conducted in the garden, it would make no sense for the master to maintain them as his workers. Hence they began to struggle for freedom and strive for food. All this because they had not been grateful to their master.There was also lived another man, picked out amidst the oppressed, he was made the head of the state. The mind of the majority was to regain favor for the oppressed or rather, to bring the justice a back. On the day of the enthronement, the new leader frankly swore allegiance to the electorate such that there was hope for the people. He was so receptive for the span of his regime.Eventually, he got emotionally taken up with the riches and so forth, which suddenly, led him into mercenary attitude. By him the state was in a way that it was declared dictatorial. He executed people, persecuted religious leaders and other forceful actions. The oppressed run out of all the optimism. People really had an inclination to remove him from the throne for their joy had turned into grief.The people, especially the oppressed, were of the opinion that the rich were to blame for doing nothing in considering the oppression of the poor. But should they be responsible for the injustice as some people pointed out? Philosophers and other social commentators agree that truth is the end of everything. The two instances are among the ways they used to identify the one to blame for the social injustice. They have come up with a conclusion which, to them, is one of the particulars. It states;\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}social injustice is not due to people who are rich, for it is the riches themselves that make human mind mad so that a person can\uc0{\u8217}t consider their fellow human being.\uc0{\u8221}Is this an objective observation? Is it that all the rich do not consider the poor? Is it wrong to be rich? If the rich are not to blame, should we conclude then that the poor could be responsible for the injustice? This is just a matter of opinion over which great thinkers argue that money makes man mad.There were prophets that time, they foretold many things which usually came to pass. They made known to people of the greatness of the number \uc0{\u8220}3. They predicted that the third ruler would be eternally living to his people. He would bring the justice, he would be wise and would consider the well- being of each person equally. However, people could not believe this. Others to an extent incited to impeach them. Nevertheless, the prophecies came to pass. The third leader had all the characters as per stated by the prophets. He contrasted the act of oppressing the poor, raised the development funds and granted the equal economic opportunities and observed the purity of payment to all.There is no further information about the prophets and those that who could have preserved history died still in the regime of this great king. If he managed to play such a role so praised worthy, who do you think, was messing up things in this state? Recalling to mind would only bring you the nearest possible answer for this corners even the wise.}}\par
\sect
}