{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy23\hr15\min52\sec11}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy23\hr15\min52\sec11}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I received a score of 18.5 out of 20 on my geography exam, he asked, \uc0{\u8221}Why didn\uc0{\u8217}t you get 20?\uc0{\u8221} When I placed third in the Olympiad, he said, \uc0{\u8221}Don\uc0{\u8217}t be proud of yourself! Let\uc0{\u8217}s see what you are made of in the national exam.\uc0{\u8221} When my essay ranked first in the region, instead of feeling excited, I felt like I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t achieved anything special. Gradually, fear took over. I began to doubt myself, felt inadequate, and lost the joy in my successes. I felt like I could have done better in every field. I quit sports fearing that I wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t win any medals. I disliked math because I felt unintelligent and couldn\uc0{\u8217}t grasp it anymore. I gave up painting because I was afraid, I wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t be as good as I should be. I felt hopeless. I was tired of seeking love and approval. Tired of proving myself and proving that I was worthy of his love. I thought to myself, \uc0{\u8221}What\uc0{\u8217}s the point of being a top student, participating in the Olympiads, and attending a good university if nothing I do is ever enough?\uc0{\u8221} I stopped wanting to study and demonstrate my worth through good grades. I was blamed for everything I did or didn\uc0{\u8217}t do. I was always scolded for going out and studying with friends. I was constantly treated with suspicion. Whatever I did, it was never enough. I received numerous criticisms for arriving home a few minutes late and had to answer numerous questions. I berated myself, thinking, \uc0{\u8221}How foolish I am! I am living the way he wants out of sheer stupidity! And in the end, I won\uc0{\u8217}t gain anything! I feed his ego more and more.\uc0{\u8221} I decided to change my path.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Do you think I will come home late because of a boy?\uc0{\u8221} I asked. \uc0{\u8221}Fine. I will get a boyfriend!\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}Is it never enough how well I perform in school?\uc0{\u8221} I exclaimed. \uc0{\u8221}Fine. I won\uc0{\u8217}t study anymore!\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}No matter what I do, I\uc0{\u8217}m still not a good girl in your eyes?\uc0{\u8221} I questioned. \uc0{\u8221}Fine. I won\uc0{\u8217}t even try anymore.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was mistreated for not putting in enough effort. I was confined to my home and deprived of basic rights within my own family. Most importantly, I lost my self-confidence. When I didn\uc0{\u8217}t achieve success, when my grades slipped, when I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t the top student in class anymore, I felt like I had lost my identity. I genuinely felt like a failure.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It took me years to regain my belief in myself. I learned to let go of the past, but the emotional scars remained. The feeling of inadequacy still haunts me. For years, I have been battling with this feeling. I have been trying to accept that I am worthy of love just as I am, and that I don\uc0{\u8217}t need to prove myself to anyone. But the psychological damage still lingers. That nagging sense of not being good enough\uc0{\u8230} that insidious perfectionism\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}