{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo08\dy19\hr18\min41\sec59}{\revtim \yr2022\mo08\dy19\hr18\min41\sec59}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Drawing on participatory design methods, we are currently building the feminist library at the Centre. We are delving into questions of what counts as knowledge, and who has the right to (re)produce, archive, categorise, display, and receive it. We aim to deconstruct hegemonic ideas of the library (both in terms of form and content) and envision feminist, community-based alternatives.At the moment, we are focussed on gathering our collection of library materials and designing our catalogue and lending system. We accept books in any language relevant to our research areas, but also more broadly related to feminist, queer, trans, antiracist theory and politics. We are particularly interested in pamphlets, brochures, magazines, periodicals, posters, and other publications by activist groups, collectives, and artists (both working locally and elsewhere).If you have written a book, or have read one that you loved and want to share with others, please consider donating it to the Feminist Library. Thank you to all our members and friends who have already donated materials! Soon, with your support, our humble reading corner will metamorphose into a library!This text is quoted from https://feministlibrary.co.uk/. If that website is yours, please be in touch with The GOAT PoL if you want us to change or expand or remove this story. Thank you.}\par
\sect
}