{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy06\hr21\min27\sec47}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy06\hr21\min27\sec47}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 ing the Warrior Shaped HoleIn February 2022, The International Federation of Association Football (FIFA) suspended Zimbabwe\uc0{\u8217}s membership over allegations over government interference in Zimbabwe football affairs. Endless arguments erupted over the merits of the suspension itself as well as the laws surrounding it, but there is debating this- it sucks to be us. It is humiliating as well as heart-wrenching for us in particular steadfast followers of the men national football team also known as the Warriors who have been out for action since the suspension has been imposed.Going to watch the Warriors play at the National Sports stadium in Zimbabwe\uc0{\u8217}s capital Harare is one of my major highlights since I ever moved to the big. Although with its challenges, it\uc0{\u8217}s a marvellous day-out from buying the waving the national flag en-route to the stadium, the huge roar when the players stride on to the pitch, to singing our lungs out the national anthem albeit with little unison. Not forgetting the song and dance when victory is attained. For the record on the five occasions I have witnessed the Warriors play we always ended up on the winning side, a fact I am ready to shove down people\uc0{\u8217}s throats given the chance.All this have been taken away from us and from a fan\uc0{\u8217}s perspective it is painful to hope and wait for the powers within to find a resolution so we can get our International football back. I also look at the up and coming performers in the domestic circuit as well as some splattered around the globe; and these immensely talented football stars are missing out on donning the prestigious yellow and green of the Warriors whilst still in their prime. For me this is the biggest setback for the Warriors even surpassing the Asiagate scandal of 2007-2010. The Asiagate Scandal refers to the match fixing scandal that involved Zimbabwean players and officials underwent tours of Asia and lost several game which led to suspicions of match fixing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \qc{{\cf0\f0 ****}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But like with everything in life, it\uc0{\u8217}s no use of crying over spilt milk, the suspension it is what it is and my next dosage of sporting dopamine was provided by another national team in another discipline, cricket. The Chevrons as there also known provided the much needed edge of seat stuff I craved for as a match going fan. The Chevrons who were always associated with disappointing results and lifeless performances as for a long while from my infancy I watched in despair as the country had become a pariah within the cricket world and many of the more senior players had fled to pastures yonder. In 2022 however the Chevrons produced some brilliant victories and to my delight the game is bringing fans across demographics-race, class, gender, faith, political affiliation and level of cricket knowledge. This resurgence has been led by key player Sikandar Raza whose form has been pivotal to the Chevrons\uc0{\u8217} upturn in form and excellent results. I am also part of the vibrant support unit popularly known as the Castle Corner and we are defined by an impassioned enthusiasm and charged up national loyalty that had hitherto been reserved for the Warriors. As I am preparing for our Chevrons next assignment against Ireland,it has me thinking that\uc0{\u160} maybe, just maybe the Chevrons are filling the Warrior shaped hole in my heart\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}