{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy08\hr11\min26\sec47}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy08\hr11\min26\sec47}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It always sounds like a joke to me when I remember how I got to like a girl and never dated her. During my primary school education, I came across a certain girl named Nadia. This girl could not leave my mind from the day I saw her. This was during a breaktime and I was supposed to go back in class. Honestly, I could not concentrate to what the teacher was teaching anymore since I was just thinking about the beautiful girl, I saw during breaktime. My mind could tell me to approach her and tell her how I felt after seeing her but another mind would tell me not to.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was very surprised after finding out that the girl I saw at school was few meters away from where I stayed. I can say that she was kind of a neighbor since it could take five minutes to reach her home. On top of that, we could go to fetch water at the same borehole. I used not to like fetching water but after seeing Nadia at the borehole, fetching water started to become one of my favorite house chores. Nadia never knew anything regarding my feeling and we never spoke before. I tried to make her a friend and it worked. We started talking the time she came late at the borehole and I offered her a chance to fetch water without staying on the cue. From this day, we started talking but not that much.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mind would tell me to tell her how I feel but when we could meet, I could feel shy and leave without saying anything. After a long period of time, I decided to write a letter to her explaining how I feel and that I would like her to be my girlfriend. I gave the letter to my classmate to deliver it to her. Nadia knowing how I felt about her destroyed the little friendship that was there between us. She started avoiding me whenever I wanted to talk to her at the borehole.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I tried booking appointments to see if I could talk to her in person but she still ignored my request. After insisting a lot, she decided to talk to me. We were supposed to meet on a Saturday evening but she never showed up. I tried to go to her place but I could not find her. I could find that her place was closed every time I went to see her. One day, I decided to ask one of her neighbors about her whereabouts and I was very disappointed to find out that she is no longer staying there. Until today, I do not know where they went and it pains me a lot. I wish I can meet her and tell her how I feel live and not through a letter.}}\par
\sect
}