{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy12\hr03\min09\sec21}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy12\hr03\min09\sec21}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a girl named Emma who lived in Lilongwe city. She was a quiet and focused young woman, determined in her pursuits. Emma worked as a banker and was an active member of her church, participating in numerous church activities. She was involved in both youth and adult groups.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, during a gathering for young adults, a jovial and friendly guy named Michael joined them. He sat next to Emma, who found herself unable to speak in his presence, taken aback by his good looks. Elections for committee members were held that day, and Emma was chosen as the secretary, while Michael became the treasurer, despite being new to the group. Afterward, everyone went their separate ways.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Emma felt elated on her way home, having won the elections. The next morning, she boarded a minibus to work, sitting at the front and unaware of the passengers behind her. When it was time to pay the bus fare, someone covered her cost. Emma turned to see who it was and was surprised to find Michael, the same guy from the young adults gathering. She thanked him warmly for his kind gesture, and they got off at the same stop. Michael asked for her number, and Emma willingly shared it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Upon arriving at work, Emma\uc0{\u8217}s colleagues noticed her upbeat mood and how well she interacted with clients. She excitedly shared the encounter with Michael with her friend, unable to believe his kindness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Several days later, Michael began texting Emma, eventually asking her out to dinner, which she accepted. They dined at Woodlands Restaurant, one of the best in town. Emma dressed in a stunning outfit, feeling like a living mannequin. Michael arrived to pick her up in his newly purchased Nissan car. The dinner went smoothly, with the couple sharing stories and laughing throughout the evening. They shared a kiss when Michael dropped Emma off at her place, leaving her feeling exhilarated.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Their relationship blossomed as they spent more time together, attending church and enjoying each other\uc0{\u8217}s company. A year later, however, Emma began to notice Michael\uc0{\u8217}s short temper and how he would embarrass her over trivial matters. When she confronted him, he lashed out angrily.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 During a visit to Michael\uc0{\u8217}s place, he refused to see her, leaving Emma bewildered by his sudden change in behavior. Desperate to leave, Emma begged him to drive her home, which he reluctantly agreed to do. During the drive, Michael remained silent, and upon reaching Emma\uc0{\u8217}s house, he abruptly told her to leave and to stop contacting him, declaring an end to their relationship. Emma returned home heartbroken and in tears, questioning why Michael had treated her this way.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the aftermath, Emma realized that some things aren\uc0{\u8217}t worth fighting for, recognizing the pain and wasted time she had endured over a relationship that ultimately ended in disappointment.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}