{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy21\hr19\min41\sec41}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy21\hr19\min41\sec41}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 FLEW AND GONE}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wished to open my arms and fly in the open blue sky with innocent white clouds and flying birds. I also dreamed of swimming in the blue pure waters full of boats, diving fisher men and the jumping in and out fish. Frankly speaking, I loved nature and I believe you do. The fact that we had no lake in Dzaleka refugee camp did not prevent me from enjoying the open sky where birds were speeding unlimitedly. Back then we had different wild birds in Dzaleka\uc0{\u8217}s peaceful sky with its shiny sun rays. Presently, the beautiful trees around the camp are just as quiet as the graveyard without any sweet remedies from the musical birds.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The camp was a site for all the birds you can imagine. The kamalata also known as the roof birds were fond of making their nest in people\uc0{\u8217}s roofs. They were singing their songs early in the morning before the rooster would do his job. They were also beating the roofs with their tiny wings making a Kwi! Kwi! Kwi! Sound.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We had birds for each season of the year, }{\cf0\f0\i Timba}{\cf0\f0  and }{\cf0\f0\i Kanchimbudzi}{\cf0\f0  during the dry seasons. Birds eaters were fond of claiming Timba\uc0{\u8217}s meat being very delicious. Despite such great demand from the people\uc0{\u8217}s chopping desires. The birds were very clever, fast and very difficult to catch. That is why our parents were fond of advising us to be wise like }{\cf0\f0\i Timba}{\cf0\f0 . On the other hand, }{\cf0\f0\i Kanchimbuzi }{\cf0\f0 were birds with white and black strips like zebras. They had a long beak. They were really beautiful but no one was eating them. They were birds which were getting their food from the public and open toilets. That\uc0{\u8217}s why they were called }{\cf0\f0\i kanchimbuzi }{\cf0\f0 translated as the one mostly found in the toilet in Chichewa language. This even made them one of the most free-living creatures in the camp.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i Guzamchira}{\cf0\f0  and }{\cf0\f0\i Njiwa}{\cf0\f0  were appearing during the rainy season. These large birds worthy for a lunch meal were found in the forests on the north eastern side of the camp. Guzamchira has a long tail compared to other birds. Its name meant pulling the tail.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The birds which got my attention were the }{\cf0\f0\i Kantundu}{\cf0\f0  as I called it. This species of birds was appearing twice a year. They had two layers of colour. An orange neck and black feathers on the lower part during the cold season. The orange was changing to pure yellow during the rainy season. They were good singers. I loved walking up early in the morning and stand near the big tree which was on the road junction. The tree was beside the entrance of the market. The other road led to our school just after the place where they sold sugarcanes. The tree had two big wide branches which covered the market users from the scorching sun during the sunny time and a cool breeze when it was hot. }{\cf0\f0\i Kantundu}{\cf0\f0  birds were fond of occupying that place during their bleeding adventures.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our school was in a very large compound composed of both primary and secondary classes. There was only one big hall in the secondary premises which had lots of Kamalata\uc0{\u8217}s birds\uc0{\u8217} nests. Our teacher of geography was not ending his class without telling as a new bird which he had seen on his safari to school. It was interesting to hear more new stories about this precious treasure our community had.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Somewhere in April, one cold and windy day while coming back from school. It was Tuesday the market day and many people were using the path down the big tree where the Kantundu birds had inhabited that spring. I used the same route which was the shortest way home. I liked using it when hungry. When you entered the market, you were using the right direction in the vegetable section and continue until you reach the fish zone. There was a borehole down the fish benches. My family house was just right after the first ten shelters in line to the borehole. While passing down the tree I felt footing something below my torn school shoes. It was a quenched liquid sound. \uc0{\u160}As hungry as I was, I did not mind to look down. In another attempt to make a step I heard some silent helpless sound. \uc0{\u8220}What is it?\uc0{\u8221} I boringly asked myself and faced down. \uc0{\u8220}Oh! My God.\uc0{\u8221} I screamed while lifting my blind legs as if they had footed on a live hungry snake.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The birds faced the ides of March. The whole path was filled with erupted bodies of small birds. Everyone minded his business. I tried to look up and what a disaster I saw. The wind was shaking the nests and the newly born babies were just falling down. I saw the parents trying to cover the small ones with their thin loose wings. Unlucky enough, they were not able to stand the wind. Poor birds witnessed their labour destroyed in a blink of an eye.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I tried to grab some falling birds but I was not even free enough jump in such busy crowded mob. I tried to kneel down in order to pick some but I was too slow. The people\uc0{\u8217}s feet were concluding the falling journey of the birds. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t scream and in fact no one could have heard me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I then moved myself out of the crowd and stand just close and beneath the tree. \uc0{\u8220}Must I climb?\uc0{\u8221} I suggested but the tree was just too big and long. I had not seen any one climbing before. I tried to think, unfortunately no idea came. \uc0{\u8220}}{\cf0\f0\i You are no hero}{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} A discouraging voice from inside me spoked. Anyway, I had to give up and simply look at the tragedy just like the elder birds did up in the tree. I started crying but not than the poor birds up in the tree crying with their unseen tears. I witnessed the downfall of the adventurous birds of }{\cf0\f0\i Kantundu}{\cf0\f0 . Had they known, they would not have made the camp their destination that year.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since every Genesis has its revolution, the tragedy did when all the people had gone back to their homes after the closure of the market. I tried to collect the dead birds while chasing the dogs which had found a feast. I went on and buried them in the middle of the gigantic tree roots. As young as I was, I placed a small cross made from tiny tree branches on top of the pit and cried bitterly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I saw the birds with their whole clan staring at me from far the tree. It seemed they were just angry with everything. It seemed like they thanked me but I did not hear them since our languages were just different. \uc0{\u8220}Uh! Uh!\uc0{\u8221} I yelled and remembered that, I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t eaten since morning. I had to remove the sand from my hands and washed them on the borehole just after the fish area. My mother was angry with me for being late. She also suspected that I had joined bad companies.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Honestly, I could not tell them because they would have laughed at me. The next morning I walked up, prepared myself for school. But there was something missing, I heard the roaster singing but not the birds. The roofs were still. \uc0{\u8220}Maybe all the birds have gone to the funeral at the market tree where I had buried their friend\uc0{\u8217}s late children.\uc0{\u8221} I childishly thought while heading there with my school bag ready.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I neither heard any birds\uc0{\u8217} songs in the market nor saw any birds feasting on the wasted fish remains under the benches. Upon arriving, I saw no trace of a single bird in the tree. The grave I had made was widely open and dog\uc0{\u8217}s foot prints were all around. \uc0{\u8220}Maybe they have gone to finalize the funeral in the forest.\uc0{\u8221} I hoped. I continued my journey to school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I did not see them either on my way back too. A day borne another and made weeks, weeks made months and the sequence continued. I have never seen any wild bird after that. From that moment no intruders have ever run in our adventurous sky excluding the hawks which always catch our chickens.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}