{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy20\hr12\min48\sec12}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy20\hr12\min48\sec12}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When my parents and I arrived at Dzaleka Refugee Camp, life was not easy for us. We ate food like hard porridge and Chinese relish. Most people might think that Chinese\uc0{\u160}is a person but this was a kind of green relish that we were eating together with hard porridge. Every household that ate that kind of food was doing well in life however, that is not the case because we were taking it like that because we were poor. When my father arrived in Dzaleka, he got too depressed\uc0{\u160}because of the money at the Karonga border.\uc0{\u160} a certain guy from Tanzania promised him that he would bring him to Malawi in a safe way but that wasn\uc0{\u8217}t the case because the same person stole his money and everything that he had with him. My parents only remained with the bags of clothes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With the help from the government of Malawi, my parents were able to arrive here in the camp. upon arriving here in the camp, life was not easy because my parents were not educated and it was very hard to find a job. My father tried his best to go and find a farm where he could cultivate some onions and cabbage for sale so that we could be able to eat at home. Luckily enough my father was able to find a garden to cultivate the onions and cabbage for sale. I\uc0{\u160}was so young but I could be able to go and help my father and my mother to cultivate the garden. I could watch how painful the work of cultivating was in the garden but there was no way for me to help better because I was still a child.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the time went my father was able to be selling the onions during the Tuesday Market here in Dowa. Our family was now able to eat every day without any problems from the hardships of my father.\uc0{\u160} I would be lying if I said that we complained about anything when my father was farming. It was really hard for my father to find the garden because he had no friends or anyone to tell him how to find the garden.\uc0{\u160} it was a certain Tuesday when a Malawian man called Chakwiya came to sell charcoal at our home. My father told this man that he had no money and he wanted somewhere to farm so that he could find\uc0{\u160}money. Chakwiya told my father that he has a farm but he wants someone to rent it. Then my father told him that he can be able to cultivate some crops on his farm and after harvesting he\uc0{\u8217}s going, he was going to give him the money for rent.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My father kept his promise when he arrested his crops, he was able to pay Mr Chakwiya his money. Since my father was faithful to Chakwiya, they extended the work together and my father kept on renting the garden. After my father rented the garden for 2 years, there was a certain man called Yirirwahandi who was jealous of my father and went behind his back to tell Chakwiya that he wanted to rent the garden with a lot of money and that my father should move out. Since this guy convinced him that he would triple the money that my father was giving him, he was tempted to accept the offer and he told my father that he should do fast and he wanted to use the garden but that wasn\uc0{\u8217}t the case. My father thought that it was normal and he did his best to finish cultivating his crops and left. After one month he learned that the man who wanted to rent the garden is now cultivating in the same garden of my father\uc0{\u8217}s. It was a very disappointing thing to see Refugees like you going behind your back trying to pull you down.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 During that time, I was 13 years old but I understood that this world is bad and people don\uc0{\u8217}t wish good for others.\uc0{\u160} when I saw this man who made my father stop cultivating in the fertile soil of Mr Chakwiya, I felt so bad and I wished that there was something I could do to him so that he could stop what he did but I was still a child and there was nothing I could do. If I had money at that time, I would also triple the money that the man gave Chakwiya to remove my father from the garden. This world is wicked and people can hate you without any reason. My father didn\uc0{\u8217}t give up on his farming business but continued to find other gardens.\uc0{\u160} He was able to find a garden in a village called Kakowa where he was able to cultivate tomatoes together with onions and the cabbages.\uc0{\u160} The business was going so well and he was happy that this man taught him a lesson of moving forward with other things without being distracted with negativities.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I am a grown-up now, I learned something very special from my father.\uc0{\u160} I learned that a man should not always stick to one thing but have a plan B in everything that he is doing.\uc0{\u160} if my father didn\uc0{\u8217}t have plan B we would not be able to eat in our family, rather we could go back to the life that we were having the time we arrived in the camp.\uc0{\u160} I also learned how to find and I\uc0{\u8217}m renting a garden where I am cultivating some tomatoes for next year\uc0{\u8217}s season 2024}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I take my father as a hero to me because he told me what he used to do and now I can be able to provide for my family. I also take farming as a business and I want to take it to another level so that my father can be proud of me by working with companies that I can be supplying the tomatoes so that they can do tomato sauce if all goes well next year. I hope and believe I will not have people who are so negative about what I am doing because I do not allow\uc0{\u160}them to do what they did to my father. I am saving money so that no matter what comes I will be able to cover it and if anyone tries to pay my landlord, Mr. Kachikuda any money so that I can move out of the garden I would be also able to provide the same amount that they are offering to him and I\uc0{\u8217}m also creating a good relationship with my landlord which is something very important and they cannot be able to manipulate him so that what happened to my father can also happen to me.}}\par
\sect
}