{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo12\dy10\hr12\min24\sec49}{\revtim \yr2022\mo12\dy10\hr12\min24\sec49}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b For the love of Chapatti!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 by Emmanuel}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A mixer of wheat flour, water, and oil to make a warm chapati is something that I cannot resist. With a sunny side fried egg and ginger tea on the side is what I would consider a reasonable breakfast before heading to work. Chapati is a delicacy to many but at the same time a major way refugees in the community make ends meet. Chapati allows single mothers and child-headed homes to have a reasonable supper, buy clothes and even pay for the children\uc0{\u8217}s school fees. I believe that there must be a connection between the need for survival and satisfaction that this ancient delicacy brings to those who devour it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A small history lesson about Chapati.A variation of roti or rotta is chapati (bread). The terms are frequently used in the same sentence. The word \uc0{\u8220}chapat\uc0{\u8221} means \uc0{\u8220}slap\uc0{\u8221} or \uc0{\u8220}flat,\uc0{\u8221} and it refers to the conventional technique of slapping the dough between the wet palms of the hands to make circular pieces of thin dough. However, this is one of the standard varieties of wheat bread, which is a frequent dish on the Indian subcontinent. In Dzaleka, it is quite interesting that the technique that is used to make the bread is very different from the way it was done in India, 12th to 15th centuries ago.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It starts with customers standing in mob formation around the chapati stall. Each one pressuring the individual to complete their order first. The most popular franchise is called King Chapati. In the space of 3 years, the founder has expanded his activities to more than five stalls. That tells you how much demand is there for this very simple cuisine.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We are surrounding King Chapati\uc0{\u8217}s most popular stall, made from thatched roofs selling a single chapati at 100 Kwacha. A bargain some might say, but it gets almost unreal when you are getting close to 100 orders in an hour. You need someone who has attention to detail, organized, and efficient. That\uc0{\u8217}s how I can describe Jonas Kalala, the guy that I usually find making my three Chapatis. That\uc0{\u8217}s what I can manage right now. I have tried going to five but never seem to be able to stomach the last bite of the fifth chapati. Jonas is just 15 years old, and is one the breadwinner in his home. I feel the need to buy from him because subconsciously, I feel I am doing something good to help a fellow youth.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Back to how he makes these three chapatis. Step number is that he usually takes a dough and nonchalantly throws it in the air. I am always so intrigued by why he always does this, is it a way to make it taste better? Whatever it is for it really is making it more enjoyable. He puts the three doughs right next to each other and on his right hand he has the same piece of cardboard that is so packed with oil stains, like he has been using it for days. The cardboard is what he uses to hold the tawa as he is cooking the dough to perfection. The dough is stretched effortlessly until it makes its usual perfect circular shape, and then put on top of the hot Tawa. Here is where he does something very strange, to me, is that he adds the oil after placing the dough on the Tawa. I watch how the oil seeps right under the dough and it begins to grow and turn into golden brown. He squeezes on top of the dough with the piece of cardboard in hand to make sure that every part of the dough is nicely cooked. It is well-done or under prepared, but just cooked to a perfect consistency and crunchy in the mouth.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I give him a 300 kwacha and he passes me my three chapatis in a small blue plastic, and the transaction is complete. Just those three will fuel for the day until I have my supper around 7pm, which is in 7 hours. So I take my time enjoying every piece of this savory chapati, nothing goes to waste.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I love chapati, and I have recently loved them more with a side of beans or goat meat. It plays a huge role in my community\uc0{\u8217}s economy and has turned refugees into self-reliant individuals. People from other countries and employees at aid organizations cannot leave Dzaleka without tasting our chapati. It is our culture, our identity and something that brings us together to conversate, share and build relationships. I\uc0{\u8217}d highly recommend you not come to Dzaleka to live a life of refugeehood but support those who are improving their lives one chapati at a time.}}\par
\sect
}