{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo09\dy17\hr15\min36\sec30}{\revtim \yr2022\mo09\dy17\hr15\min36\sec30}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Turn left here.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Here?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No, there!\uc0{\u8221} I pointed at the second fork in the road.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Arghhhh!\uc0{\u8221} my wife fake screamed as she steered the car in front of oncoming traffic. We were passing through a six-way intersection, the result of three roads crossing in an asterisk, the likes of which I had never experienced until moving to Atlanta. I come from a very pedestrian New York City and ignorantly believed anything under twenty minutes was \uc0{\u8216}walkable.\uc0{\u8217} On one of my first trips out on foot, I stood at the hexagonal intersection for about ten minutes, waiting for the walk signs to appear in the correct order so that I could cross. There was no way to go straight, mind you. The only way through was around.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was at that crazy intersection that I saw it when we entered our new neighborhood for the first time. A large, brightly painted box that declared itself as \uc0{\u8220}FREE FRIDGE\uc0{\u8221} at the top. It stood just behind a pyramidal sign announcing \uc0{\u8216}North Decatur Presbyterian Church\uc0{\u8217}. What a fantastic initiative, I thought. How cool. Atlanta is cool.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I didn\uc0{\u8217}t think much about it for a few weeks afterward. Every time we drove by, I\uc0{\u8217}d see someone stopped there. Once, a car pulled out of the line at the light and into a parking spot in front of the free fridge. A man got out of the large SUV and opened his trunk. He left a box of food in the refrigerator. Other times, I\uc0{\u8217}ve seen volunteers in white t-shirts stocking and sorting through the goods. Most recently, I saw someone open the door and look inside. After grabbing a few items, he and a woman with him sat with their backs against the pyramid sign and ate their lunch.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My wife told me that some people in the neighborhood (particularly vocal ones on the Facebook group) didn\uc0{\u8217}t like having the Free Fridge at the street corner because it attracted some undesirables. I thought this was silly. The fridge is at one of the busiest intersections in the area. People drive by all the time. I\uc0{\u8217}ve seen people panhandling at the nearby gas stations and bus stops. If people are here anyway, it\uc0{\u8217}s the perfect place to have a Free Fridge.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I read more about it on the website and offered to help. Latisha Springer started the Free Fridge as a way to fight for food justice in our community. She noticed that there were billions of dollars in food waste each year and that most of this could be redistributed to the food insecure. People don\uc0{\u8217}t need to sign up or apply; they can just walk up to the fridge and take what they need. During the pandemic, the fridge locations also started to carry items like hand sanitizer and masks. It gets even more remarkable. Each fridge is named after a Black community member whose life was taken \uc0{\u8216}tragically too soon\uc0{\u8217}. Ours is named Korryn, after Korryn Gaines, whom police officers killed in Randallstown, MD.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We don\uc0{\u8217}t scream when we make that left turn anymore. Instead, Korryn and the pyramid are our landmarks for where to turn. Without our landmarks, that turn is hidden and tricky, with a sharp angle and a sloping yield coming from the right side. With Korryn, we know exactly where to go. As much as Korryn is a navigational star for us, it is a signifier of the moral compass of our community and our country at large. As long as people are willing to help, we will be okay.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 https://free99fridge.com/}}\par
\sect
}