{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy27\hr23\min08\sec28}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy27\hr23\min08\sec28}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Fresh or Stale meat?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the community where I come from \uc0{\u8211}The Acholi community, famously known as the Luo-speaking group, four major activities are practiced; fishing, peasant farming, gathering, and hunting for bush meat. When an animal is killed or slaughtered, the man in his family would instruct his wife on how to allow the meat to take a day or two before it was cooked. This way, according to the man will make it taste delicious when cooked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, I was sent from the town where I grew up my entire life to go to the village and visit the family of my grandparent who was arranging a wedding ceremony for his young daughter. I was a very important person on the occasion although I was still a young man of fifteen years.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I arrived at my destination, I found that everything was in place. My prime duty was to kill a bull by way of spearing which I found was already done by my cousin\uc0{\u8217}s brother. My first expectation was to eat fried meat when I discovered that the bull was slaughtered and the meat was in plenty. To my shock, I was told that the ceremony was to take place in three days\uc0{\u8217} time and that nobody will be allowed to taste the meat before the scheduled date. When I asked the reason why the bull was slaughtered in advance; my grandpapa told me that the sole reason was to make it taste nice and delicious.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was dumbfounded. What my teacher taught me about preservation was the opposite of what I was observing. The meat was neither dried nor roasted but left to stay as if it was to decay. I had no option but to abide by what my elder was saying although I knew he was not right about the meat becoming delicious when semi-decayed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 During the wedding ceremony, I noticed many unique scenarios. The groom\uc0{\u8217}s family members were told to remove all their shoes before they could enter the house of the bride\uc0{\u8217}s mother. There was this one man who forgot to remove his shoes and he was fined some amount of money and was banned from eating the bull\uc0{\u8217}s meat that was stale, but a chicken was slaughtered to substitute his meal. I was very happy when I realized they were cooking an alternative meal \uc0{\u8211} the slaughtered chicken.\uc0{\u160} My dilemma was, how do I openly refuse to eat the meal regarded as very important by the entire community in their presence and then tell them I would prefer chicken meat instead? Was my grandpapa right? What is your opinion about this?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}