{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy13\hr06\min30\sec40}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy13\hr06\min30\sec40}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 http://I was born into a world where warmth and care were foreign concepts. My parents, both got lost to a sudden accident when I was just a little kid, And left me in the hands of an orphanage , while providing for myself basic needs, I could never fill the emptiness in my heart. The other children spoke of parents who held them close, who whispered words of comfort in the dark. I listened. But such tales were beyond my comprehension. I had never felt the soft caress of a mother\uc0{\u8217}s hand or the protective embrace of a father \uc0{\u8221} Does it makes one feel happy having parents\uc0{\u8221} i asked my friends. \uc0{\u8221} Yes\uc0{\u8221} they answered. \uc0{\u8221} What role does your parents play in your life\uc0{\u8221} I asked again. \uc0{\u8221} It\uc0{\u8217}s a lot, first of all they tell us story at night, kiss our forehead when we sleeping and best of all telling us how to do things, which makes us grow in a disciplined and organized manner\uc0{\u8221}. They explained to me in a sympathetic tone. As I grew up, despite my inner troubles and sufferings. I learned how to rely on myself, satisfying my needs with the resources available, but my independence came at a cost. Inside, a quiet anger grew large in me\uc0{\u8212}a rage against the life I had been dealt, against the love I had been denied. I watched other children leave the orphanage with new families, their faces alight with hope, while I remained, year after year, feeling more and more forgotten. The anger inside me became a shield one that protected me from the hurt of rejection but also kept happiness at far. I smiled little, laughed even less, and carried the weight of my loneliness like a heavy cloak. But then, just when i had given up hope, a couple walked through the orphanage doors and into my life. Mr. and Mrs. Gibbs had always dreamed of having a daughter, and the moment they saw me, they knew I was the one. They didn\uc0{\u8217}t see the anger in my eyes, only the sadness, and they knew they could help heal it. Slowly, they began to break down the walls I had built around my heart. They showered with love and attention, teaching me what it meant to be part of a family. Day by day, my anger melted away, replaced by a joy i had never known. I laughed with abandon, something i had never thought possible. The love I had longed for all my life was finally mine, and with it, I was transformed into the happiest person I had ever been. I was only two years old when my parents died in a car accident, leaving me alone in the small village of Mshale. The village was surrounded by rolling hills and dense forests, but for me, it was a place of deep loneliness. As I grew, I found solace in staying by the riverbank, hidden from the rest of the world. The sound of the water flowing over smooth stones calmed my troubled heart. Whenever the anger inside me became too much to bear, i would escape to this favorite place, picking wildflowers or simply sitting by the river, watching the water flow, wishing my life could be as peaceful. Even after Mr. and Mrs. Mwangi adopted me, i would return to the riverbank, not out of loneliness, but to remember how far I had come, now filled with the love I had once only dreamed of.}}\par
\sect
}