{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy28\hr11\min02\sec50}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy28\hr11\min02\sec50}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Every human being has a story to tell in one way or the other. When darkness shows up in a person's life it leaves so many scars.Unless a person tries to put themself in their neighbor\uc0{\u8217}s shoes, they will never understand the pain that person will be going through.Every night she suffered the pains from her childhood until she has to fight still against the misery of life which she has been living her entire life. It was just one day when everything in her life seemed like a fairytale.Things fell apart in mysterious ways, the world threw her a strong storm and she started drowning. She started to give up on life, she complained but her voice was not heard, she cried but her tears did not matter, and she began to feel as if she was born a burden. The pain was just too much for her to handle yet she hoped for survival and a\uc0{\u160} light out of her darkness.Things began to feel so unreal; she thought that time had come for her to catch the sight of thelight at the end of the tunnel, after so many years of walking blindfolded into an unknown future. She found comfort in her suicidal thoughts and the thoughts loved her back.Life was bitter without any taste of sweet experiences, people that she trusted so much ruined her own life and dug her grave deeper but God rescued her and allowed her to see the light and the beauty of her miserable life.She was poisoned by the people she trusted the most, she was hospitalized for 4 months with death knocking on her door.Why should people eagerly try to terminate another person\uc0{\u8217}s life? A question she frequently asked herself as she battled for breath in hospital.Not being raised up by her parents made her realized how much a child can experience so many evil atrocities in the hands of bad creatures. She walked through the darkness for so many years of her life where nothing seems good at all. She was alone facing her own misfortunes which life had to throw on her. They was a time, she missed her parents and also mad so many wishes to the stars and the moons saying \uc0{\u8220}mom and dad if you can listen to the cries of your baby do not fall asleep and allow this heart of your child being socked deeply into tears\uc0{\u8221} At times I feel like dying and feeling like life hasn\uc0{\u8217}t shown anything good on my path\uc0{\u8221}. She cried with so many tears in her eyes. Why could life be so unfair to this extent? God shows up in her misery life and allowed herto overcome challenges and barriers she has been facing to overcome it all. Although, it was noteasy to the brighten future of a good life and feel how it tastes. Life has really given her so muchpains to the extent where she became traumatized and never believed in anyone except herself.She faced sexual assaulted at a very young age of 14 years old, where the community judged her and saying a lot of things to her but the pains that her heart was carrying was very heavy for ayoung girls like her to go through. Time comes where her story becomes history. Her misery lifechanges have she continue encouraging herself to do better and transform a little human being into a very handsome boy. Living her life with the result of pain and uncertainty. Things began to change on her path, she continued her education and became an advocate of female child education. She escaped death after all what she has beenthrough life. She survived out of misery and become a very strong woman ever than nonecould believe she could heal from the trauma she had faced. A life of so much pains mold herinto a warrior who never gives up or loses hope for everything she prayed for;.}\par
\sect
}