{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy01\hr18\min21\sec13}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy01\hr18\min21\sec13}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A little girl named Anna lost her parents Fred and Miriam in the war, she was born into a household of poor parents and at the time of her birth, a civil war was present in her country unfortunately it didn\uc0{\u8217}t take long she lost both of her parents.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her father was killed in the war by gun shot from the soldiers, her mother died of fever because she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t pay the medical bills.At a very young age Fatima has already become an orphan after her parents passed away, she moved in with her uncle Louis however, he saw her as a burden because he cannot provide for her feeding, clothing, education and decided to give her up for adoption at the orphanage, she was bullied by the children there and also gave her a nickname \uc0{\u8221}cow girl\uc0{\u8221} the reason was for her physical appearance, she had a rare skin condition called Vitiligo that caused discoloration on her body and face, sadly because she looked different from others. Thankfully, she found happiness in a girl called Zainab at the orphanage that doesn\uc0{\u8217}t bully her.The two of them became best friends and enjoyed each others company by playing together, eating and sharing each others thoughts going to school together despite the bullying from other kids.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, while she was sitting outside the orphanage something truly remarkable happened, the wind blew an old magazine right in where Anna was sitting with a picture of a female basketballer on the cover of the magazine. The picture caught her eyes and she realised that same path would make her happy so Anna decided to become a professional basketballer when she grow up. She took the magazine cover and hid it inside her bag.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next day, a woman named Cynthia who came from abroad to adopt two children at the orphanage saw Anna from far, she asked the social worker about her and she told her that Anna was rejected by twelve families because of her body discolouration Cynthia was heartbroken without wasting much time made a huge decision and told the agency she would like to adopt Anna and Zainab. The social worker couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe it, she signed the necessary documents and returned with Anna and Zainab abroad.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Cynthia her Foster Mom gave her all the love and care she ever wished for, by taking her out for shopping to buy her new clothes,bags shoes.One day after taking Anna out for dinner\uc0{\u160} she showed her the magazine cover with the female basketballer which she treasured,and told her she wanted to have a shoe for a basketball training.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Cynthia the Foster Mom enrolled\uc0{\u160} Anna the next day for basketball training and she became more comfortable with her practice as time goes on. At the age of 18 she became the top basketballer and was delighted that her dream of being a successful basketball player has finally come through.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She worked hard by going for constant training to earn it,her result were definitely worth the pain at this point, Anna was wanted by many top teams across the world as a professional basketball player, she was very happy and successful.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}