{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy13\hr19\min44\sec14}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy13\hr19\min44\sec14}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 CHAPTER 2: Breaking Free }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Title: Escaping the Cycle of Self-care and Seeing Self-Worth}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A very painful thing in this life is to live your life the way people want and not care how you would feel. You kept hurting yourself to please others and denied yourself the right to live better and create a good environment for yourself instead you went ahead to ask for people\uc0{\u8217}s opinions}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 and not consider yours. You kept on hurting your feelings; you feared what the world would think of you. Sacrifice your happiness to please your own needs. They call you names, yet to you, it seems just okay because you are afraid of telling them the truth since you don\uc0{\u8217}t want to look like a based person on their face. You became too foolish to understand the real meaning of a worthy life instead you threw away everything that you have built for yourself for so many years. They criticise you for your absence, and talk back at you when you are not there but when they see your presence, they pretend as if everything seems perfect. You also failed to realize that you are being used for their selfish purposes. You refused to focus on yourself, yet you continue giving more and more just to get them satisfied. You refused to listen to your heart and allow your mind to keep fooling you. For how long are you going to live in this way? When would you change things and start seeing the other way around? You allow your heart to carry a very heavy burden just to please others. You ripped away your peace of mind, every}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 night your eyes have never dry, your heart becomes so heavy, and you start feeling like dying because the pains deep down in you are too huge to let go. Every morning you wake up and go to your bathroom take a shower while singing to show people who maltreat you that things are alright and you are okay with the way they treat you. You try your best to fake a smile so that they do not feel bad, judge you or look different from you. Everything you do, to them they always find a reason to talk about and criticise your hard work yet you still go ahead and add more value to their lives and forget their bad deed. As the pain becomes so big, it leaves a lot of scars in your heart that nobody can see or feel except you. You refused to confront them because you don\uc0{\u8217}t want them to see that you are weak. You pray every day and night pleading to God to ease your pains yet things continue to happen more and hurt you more. It\uc0{\u8217}s time to make a difference in your life and cut off all the ties that surround you. It\uc0{\u8217}s time for you to move on and never bother what they will think or say about you. They are things that you can\uc0{\u8217}t control and they are things that you can control but avoid taking other people\uc0{\u8217}s mistakes and make them your own, stop blaming yourself for the mistakes or things you did not commit. Leave things that are beyond your power learn how to focus on yourself and forget about what others did or say. \uc0{\u160}Always know that no matter what you do, people will always have their way out to talk and criticize you no matter how good you are they will always find something to talk about. Never forget to pray for those people who mock you, call you bad names and turn your image just to build theirs. They say \uc0{\u8220}Karma knows the house and the place of everyone\uc0{\u8221}. Learn how to have secrets and deal with personal issues mostly what matters the most and the rest leave it to the universe to handle. No matter what you do they will never see it as a result of a good deed rather they will always count it as zero every time you want to lift yourself. Be wise and find the strategies to overcome people\uc0{\u8217}s behaviour and negative attitudes towards you. At the end of it all,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 friends and relatives will always have that moment of celebrating your joy. They will reach a time when you become successful, they will be the ones advocating for you without making any effort to make things right. Do not be afraid of people taking risks of changing things and have the spirit of creativity in everything you do. Those who want to talk bad against you let them talk it\uc0{\u8217}s their time and the ball will change it always be a turn-by-turn. Today might be yours but tomorrow can change and be for someone else. Focus on yourself and do the needful which will transform a new person in you and create the best version of yourself in all areas if necessary. Do not give a chance to anyone to take you for granted, don\uc0{\u8217}t even spare a second to give them word to say about you. Setting boundaries and creating a small circle in your life can serve you out of all these dramas. \uc0{\u8220}If you want to speak negatively about me! Go ahead and do it, There are so many people I\uc0{\u8217}ve helped before in life feed them, clothe them and even pay for their school fees but those same people were the ones working tirelessly to destroy my own life and wish me dead\uc0{\u8221}. It doesn\uc0{\u8217}t matter anymore, when you feel like talking negatively about me just do it and add as much information as you can.}}\par
\sect
}