{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy10\hr21\min12\sec22}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy10\hr21\min12\sec22}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am the last passenger on the plane. He asks for my seat number and I sit down without looking where. I have a strange headache.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My eyes fell on the hostess. He looks carefully and smiles. me too . Surely respect is a profession. Two minutes later he was standing on top of me. He says come with me for a few moments.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I\uc0{\u8217}m going He calmly and respectfully says: dear friends who are sitting next to you; They are regular passengers of this flight. If you want to sleep, I can change your place. Because these loved ones talk loudly to each other; Until the end of the flight!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have no experience of such an incident. Especially with this headache.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I look at my fellow travelers for the first time. Old man and old woman are beautiful and kind. Maybe they have seen 80 springs.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I want to sit next to them. I ask: Do you have painkillers? The hostess laughs and says: I will bring it! }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man explains to his wife about the type of plane. As if for his classmate}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He says that he could not see part of the number on the body.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He says: But it is similar to the plane that took them to Malaysia.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old woman says: You shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t have pushed me on the suspension bridge.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 they laugh!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man asks: Do you want me to film?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old woman says: No! You make me laugh a lot and I get wrinkled.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man says: it\uc0{\u8217}s so nice ! i like it! }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man asks: Oh, they gave chicken breast with vegetable again. You don\uc0{\u8217}t like it!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had prepared a bread and cheese for you . I left it as it came.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old woman says: It smells in the house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man says:\uc0{\u160} i\uc0{\u8217}ll prefers for you now. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Don\uc0{\u8217}t touch, it is very hot.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old woman says: Their desserts are not like before.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man says: Yes; tasteless Shall I open it for you?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old woman reluctantly says: It\uc0{\u8217}s better than the taste of chicken breast, isn\uc0{\u8217}t it?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man says: Well, whenever you eat tasteless food, think about the goose liver we ate in Paris.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They both laugh.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Paris is a place that makes them feel better even thinking about it. It was a honeymoon that is still going on in their lives.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I don\uc0{\u8217}t even know if they saw me or not.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The host also forgot to bring me a painkiller ; the plane is lowering its altitude and I don\uc0{\u8217}t have any headache.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 According to my friend, this couple were very beautiful to very beautiful! }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I want to hug them both. I wish i could\uc0{\u8230} }}\par
\sect
}