{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy05\hr18\min20\sec45}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy05\hr18\min20\sec45}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 MY CULTURE}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was born in a family of four people only I was a girl and the rest were boys. We lived in a village called Zola, my family believed in horrified and dangerous cultural practices. When I was 4 years old my parents looked for a man to marry and wait for me to reach the womanhood period so that I should now go to my house as a married girl.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We lived like that, me having known anything because I was too young to realize it. When I reached 8 years old, I started going to a school of knowing how to manage the house and do house shores such as washing plates, sweeping and mothering. My brothers used to go to a normal school learning biology and other subjects. One day I asked my brother why we learnt at different schools and very different subjects. He answered, it was because I was a girl and he was a boy having a childish mind set I understood and grew up with that spirit that only girls learn about house shores while boys learn to improve the world and the state of the family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We continued living like that, and my mother always taught me how to be a woman material, how to take care of children and a husband. Our last born was a boy 4 months old and my mother could always leave him with me for my practices on how to become a good mother. Sometimes I was left to cook for the whole family and do all the house shores alone, no boy was allowed to do any house related job but only allowed to study their books and home works.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Night of my 12th birthday my parents organized a party where they invited people from my in laws side. During the party it was now time for me to be given gifts. Only my mother-in-law gave me five new pairs of wrappers, three baby blankets, two slippers and one basin. I was very happy and thankful that day , but asked my mother why should they give me a baby blankets while I am already mature enough to use that.my mother was too open to me. She told me that, they are my in laws and just as soon as I see my first menstruation I will go to my married and start living with my husband\uc0{\u8217}s parents and that was just a sign for preparations of me to go to my own house. I asked my mother how would that be possible yet I am still a child and I do not know my husband. She told that, by the time she reached my age she was already married and her parents chose a husband for her. She had no choice because that was the culture from the ancestors.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She told me that, the guy who use to come at our house to visit together with his parent is my husband. Having childish mindset I was very happy that day seeing the boy handsome with big muscles compared to all my brothers. I supported my parents and started wishing to see my first menstruation as soon as possible. I thought getting married was an important thigh I ever had into my life. I told my brothers about everything of my married and soon will go to my in laws. They encouraged me and said I should be a good girl, they told me nothing about school because they were also raised to believe that no girls are supposed to open books and go to school but only boys are.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I day, I over worked and started feeling waist pain. I told my mother and I went to take rest. Just on bed I felt like urinating, when I went to the toilet I saw blood on my pant!!! I was very excited and ran out and called my mother to come and see. She said wow my daughter you have made. You are now a woman. She told me to bath and wear protectively. In the evening, she called my in laws and explained to them about my womanhood. They were also very happy and congratulated me for becoming a woman. 8 days later, the traditional wedding was organized and all arrangement went as planned. We celebrated my wedding in happiness and harmony . all my brothers and family members were very happy for me. I went with my husband who had 16 years old and me 12 years old. And my brothers continued with their studies.}}\par
\sect
}