{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy28\hr19\min24\sec55}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy28\hr19\min24\sec55}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0 <span;>It is raining, the weather is cold, the raindrops are coming down from my face.\uc0{\u160} I like winter.\uc0{\u160} I walk slowly.\uc0{\u160} I look around me.\uc0{\u160} To the frozen trees that have lost all their leaves.\uc0{\u160} I look at people running.\uc0{\u160} Those with umbrellas walk slowly.\uc0{\u160} I say to myself that they are showing us their umbrellas.\uc0{\u160} The rain is getting stronger, my clothes are getting wet.\uc0{\u160} I enjoy the rain, I look behind me, there is no one.\uc0{\u160} I\uc0{\u8217}m going back again, suddenly a motorcycle stopped near me, where a relatively young man wearing pink with a woman hiding her face with a veil.\uc0{\u160} The woman gets down and comes towards me.\uc0{\u160} She takes out a relatively small glass from under the tent.\uc0{\u160} While I was staring at that woman and the glass in her hand.\uc0{\u160} Suddenly, She poured the contents of it, which I did not understand, on my face.\uc0{\u160} I screamed in pain but it was no use.\uc0{\u160} I felt like I was on fire.\uc0{\u160} I asked for water crying and shouting.\uc0{\u160} I can\uc0{\u8217}t scream anymore, I\uc0{\u8217}m going to lose consciousness.\uc0{\u160} I open my eyes, I can\uc0{\u8217}t see properly, everything is white.\uc0{\u160} I hear a voice, \uc0{\u8221}Are you good girl?\uc0{\u8221} I see a woman standing in a white dress.\uc0{\u160} I knew from his clothes that She was a doctor.\uc0{\u160} I suddenly remember what happened.\uc0{\u160} I say to myself, why did She do this to me? A woman can do such a cruel thing to her own sex.\uc0{\u160} The doctor says who did this to you?\uc0{\u160} I do not know.\uc0{\u160} I hear my mother\uc0{\u8217}s voice crying, \uc0{\u8221}My daughter, who did this to you?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160} I look at my mother, my tears are falling and I answer with the same repeated answer \uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know\uc0{\u8221}.\uc0{\u160} After that day, I did not leave the house anymore.\uc0{\u160} I did not wear makeup, I could not tolerate anyone.\uc0{\u160} I was just alive, I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t living, I forgot to smile, after that terrible incident, I was afraid to see myself in the mirror, I was afraid to face the reality, I hated winter, every time it rained, I remembered that day, I asked God for death every day\uc0{\u160} I make those who do this with me not to see a happy day.}}\par
\sect
}