{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy04\hr19\min05\sec27}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy04\hr19\min05\sec27}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gaborone was delighted that the Joish the neighbor had come over to befriend him in their middle-class home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gaborone\uc0{\u8217}s father was a teacher and his mum, a social worker. He came from an educated family and they live in Pakhalane Golf Estates one of the most surburban areas of Botswana\uc0{\u8217}s capital city. In Pakhalane, street bins were picked by the municipality every Tuesday, clinics were stocked with essential drugs, roads were paved with durable tarmac and street lights shone brightly all night.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Naledi, where Josh\uc0{\u8217}s family lived, was a slum. There thugs controlled who delivered emergency water, schools were without windowpanes from vandalism and girls were usually mothers by 16. However, Naledi was situated just on the outer fence of where the upclass Pakhalane Estates surburbs ended. Joish\uc0{\u8217}s parents were divorced. His mum never held a job and her source of living seemed to be double-dating both the headmaster of Pakhalane High School and the city\uc0{\u8217}s longest serving councillor. No one knew\uc0{\u160} Joish\uc0{\u8217}s father. Joish himself didn\uc0{\u8217}t know. Rumour had it that Tekere, thee country\uc0{\u8217}s most famous liberation war commander was Joish\uc0{\u8217}s father but Joish\uc0{\u8217}s mother never admitted to it nor entertained the rumour.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We are going to cook a big meal in the bush,\uc0{\u8221} Joish told Gaborone as they circled the street with toy cars made from barbed wire. Joish was the overbearing friend in age and physique. He was 14, three years older than Gaborone. He was tall and his shoulders were broad while Gaborone was tiny.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}A secret meal?\uc0{\u8221} asked Gaborone after some thoughts.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, onions, olive oil, chicken, rice, curry, carrots, what else, peas,\uc0{\u8221} said Gaborone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}But we don\uc0{\u8217}t have any money,\uc0{\u8221} said Gaborone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Joish walked fast ahead of them, turned back and stopped in the middle of the street. He\uc0{\u160} spat to the ground and touched his stomach. \uc0{\u8220}I haven\uc0{\u8217}t eaten an adequate meal in a week\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}There\uc0{\u8217}s none at your home?\uc0{\u8221} asked Gaborone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Not all of our fathers are teachers!\uc0{\u8221} replied Joish in an intimidating voice. Hearing him, Gaborone trembled and sounded apologetic.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We\uc0{\u8217}ll make plans for this secret big meal,\uc0{\u8221} Gaborone promised him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Glencore Forest was chosen as the site for the big, secret meal that Gaborone and Joish were going to host for themselves. In fact, it was Joish who was commandering the whole process \uc0{\u8211} choosing venue, the amount of food to be cooked and who will eat first.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But there was a problem. The two had no food nor money to buy any. \uc0{\u8220}What are we gonna eat at this big, secret meal? Soil?\uc0{\u8221} asked Gaborone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Joish cleared his throat, adjusted his oversize underwear. \uc0{\u8220}Your father gets his payslip on 18th? Right?\uc0{\u8221} he asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s right, 19th,\uc0{\u8221} answered Gaborone. The plan was simple, Joish explained. No one would notice. It would be for a good cause \uc0{\u8211} a secret meal \uc0{\u8211} he promised.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You want me to steal some of my father\uc0{\u8217}s salary to buy food for a secret big meal?\uc0{\u8221} Gaborone asked him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Shhh, lower your voice, you want your neighbors to overhear?\uc0{\u8221} Joish confronted him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 $500 per month was the November salary that Gaborone\uc0{\u8217}s father received the next morning. Gaborone crawled into his bedroom when his father was bathing and riffled through his pockets. He fished out a bunch of money: $50 in coins. It was too much, he thought. He quickly reasoned-his father wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t notice too much if he fished out just $20 in coins from his salary and diverted it to the big meal\uc0{\u8217}s plans. So Gaborone did it at last.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Good boy,\uc0{\u8221} Joish told him as he snatched away the money and pocketed it as they walked into JK Stores. Dried fish, curry, noodles, canned tomato, raspbery juice, salt, a metal pan, flour, plastic cups, bread rolls, sugar, peas and caramel milk. Joish was in commanding mood as he used the stolen $20 to load up on supplies on their way to the big secret meal. JK the storeman didn\uc0{\u8217}t mind where the kids had found the money. He was happy that it was his best sales day in a week.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At last Joish and Gaborone chose a treeless edge by a riverstream in Glencore Forest to lit up a fire for their big secret meal. All the ingredient came out mashy but right for a feast. Joish was eating fast, hallucinating over the food while Gaborone took two bite of the chicken and felt full.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At last Joish was full too but thwo thirds of the food lay barely touched. Joish quickly packed it in a small bag, item by item. He zipped the bag walked to the riverside and cleaned his mouth, his eyes fixed on the food bag behind him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Who\uc0{\u8217}ll keep this extra food for us until we finish it next time?\uc0{\u8221} Gaborone asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Joish looked back up from the river and walked to the bag straight which he hoisted to his should and prepared to leave the forest place. \uc0{\u8220}That was the plan. My mum is the best in storing leftover food for our next feast. She\uc0{\u8217}ll be happy to count all the leftover items, keep them securely for us\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Your mum? Our food?\uc0{\u8221} asked Gaborone \uc0{\u8211} his mouth wide open as flies circiled his lips.}}\par
\sect
}