{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy04\hr14\min17\sec06}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy04\hr14\min17\sec06}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Six months had zipped by since Sadie and James became a part of my life. Blessing or curse? Still figuring that out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My tiny business kicked off with selling my only gold earring. On a chilly morning, I bundled up in my worn gray coat and ventured out. Inside the closest jewelry store, the air hung thick with suspicion as the owner eyed me like a hungry wolf, sensing my desperation. Thankfully, Sadie materialized beside me. A sharp whisper later, and he coughed up more cash than I expected.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Thanks, Sadie,\uc0{\u8221} I muttered, grateful. She smoothed her vibrant purple skirt. \uc0{\u8221}No problem. I hate seeing people take advantage. Wish I could\uc0{\u8217}ve punched him!\uc0{\u8221} Her ghostly hand clenched, frustration flickering in her spectral eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A smile tugged at my lips as we exited the store. Hope and worry wrestled inside me. The excitement of chasing my dream clashed with the constant hum of doubt.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Next stop: a shop overflowing with sewing and design supplies. For the first time ever, spending felt like an investment, not a guilt trip. A sewing machine, an overlock machine, a mannequin \uc0{\u8211} each purchase whispered promises of future creations. Sadie, my spectral cheerleader, filled me in on the \uc0{\u8221}next world,\uc0{\u8221} as she called it (a much more upbeat term than \uc0{\u8221}afterlife\uc0{\u8221}).}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Met Coco Chanel there, talk about fashion royalty!\uc0{\u8221} she chirped. \uc0{\u8221}Years of fashion wisdom just waiting to be shared. Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry,\uc0{\u8221} she winked, \uc0{\u8221}you\uc0{\u8217}ve got talent and, let\uc0{\u8217}s not forget, your own personal fashion ghost guide! Genius, right?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A wide grin spread across my face as she envisioned my business taking off. In her eyes, I was a star in the making, and having her spectral guidance was a definite advantage. With the shop conquered, my stomach rumbled.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Starving, Sadie! Deliveries arrive tomorrow. Food first, fashion talk later. Need colors, papers, pencils \uc0{\u8211} the whole creative kit!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Lead the way!\uc0{\u8221} she chirped. \uc0{\u8221}There\uc0{\u8217}s a great restaurant around the corner with live music! Maybe I can even dance\uc0{\u8230} sort of.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I chuckled. \uc0{\u8221}So, Mom was right,\uc0{\u8221} I teased. \uc0{\u8221}You do love to dance.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her laughter echoed through the street. \uc0{\u8221}Duh! Back when I was\uc0{\u8230} well, more alive than now, I practically lived in clubs. Knew the bartenders better than their own names!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our laughter mingled as we navigated the busy streets, drawn towards the promise of good food and Sadie\uc0{\u8217}s ghostly jig. It was a hidden gem, surprisingly close to my home. Now, I wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t have known unless a dancing ghost showed me the way.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Suddenly, James materialized out of thin air, right next to Sadie who was bopping to the music by my table. \uc0{\u8221}There you are!\uc0{\u8221} he chuckled, turning to me with a knowing grin. \uc0{\u8221}Good news! Remember that place by the big mall downtown? Guess what? It\uc0{\u8217}s back on the market, and at a steal! I think it\uc0{\u8217}s perfect for your business.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My jaw hit the floor. Blinking in disbelief, I stammered, \uc0{\u8221}How do you even know about that? I just contacted them last week, and they said it was rented \uc0{\u8211} for a fortune, no less!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 James winked. \uc0{\u8221}Rented, yeah, but the tenant got cold feet and backed out. Now they\uc0{\u8217}re stuck with the lease and scrambling to find someone new. That\uc0{\u8217}s why the price dropped \uc0{\u8211} it\uc0{\u8217}s totally within your budget now!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It felt like a miracle. Jumping up from my chair, I exclaimed, \uc0{\u8221}You\uc0{\u8217}re the best, James! The absolute best ghost anyone could ask for!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yikes. Not my brightest moment. Everyone in the restaurant seemed to turn in unison, staring at me like I\uc0{\u8217}d grown a second head. Mental note: acknowledging spectral companions in public probably isn\uc0{\u8217}t the best idea.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Without wasting another second, I raced to the location. Everything was exactly as James described. An hour later, I was holding the signed lease, my dream business finally having a real home. Giddy with excitement, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t resist twirling on the sidewalk, humming a made-up tune. Sure, it looked a little ridiculous, but who cared?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sadie and James joined me and we were three happy crazy people in the street. I said \uc0{\u8221}Oh, I should change the address. Now they have to send the machines to my office!\uc0{\u8221} It was kinda sweet when I said \uc0{\u8221}my office.\uc0{\u8221} I did that by a call and we went shopping and bought other equipment.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Next day, I woke up earlier than usual, if I wanna be honest I should say I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t sleep all night at all. I was so excited. I put on my clothes, took a little sandwich, my coffee and I ran to \uc0{\u8221}my office\uc0{\u8221} OMG it was so nice to say \uc0{\u8221}my office.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I got there. Everything was perfect. They were supposed to deliver the stuff at 10 am so I had around an hour to check around. I checked all the doors, cabinets, closets and pipes, all of them were good and working. Then I heard the ring. They were here.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I opened the door and they came in with my stuff. A sewing machine, an overlock machine, an iron, a mannequin and other stuff. They were putting them in the office and Sadie came in the moment, she was clearly happy. She looked at me and said: \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m sure if your mother hears about that, she will be proud of you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That hit me right in the feels. From the first second I saw Sadie I was thinking about my mom and how she is in another world. But I never asked this from Sadie. Every time I wanted to ask, I felt something in my throat and I just distracted my thoughts to avoid crying. Now when she mentioned that I felt I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t control myself anymore and my tears ran on my cheek. Sadie was shocked when she saw my wet eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Oh darling what happened? I didn\uc0{\u8217}t mean to make you sad. Did I say something wrong?\uc0{\u8221} she said that.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The workers were almost done there. I cleaned my face and said thank you to them. Then they left.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I turned my face to Sadie, she was there with a worried face, like a little child waiting for her punishment when she thinks she did something wrong.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}No Sadie, you didn\uc0{\u8217}t say anything bad, can we go to the cafe down there? For a chat? I think I have to ask something from you,\uc0{\u8221} I said to her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Sure, let\uc0{\u8217}s go!\uc0{\u8221} she answered kindly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Five minutes after we were at the cafe, I had my cup of tea and she was staring at me, waiting for me to talk.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I started to tell her everything in my mind, I was afraid that if I thought about them I would regret it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Me and my mother never were really close to each other, we had the same behavior so we couldn\uc0{\u8217}t tolerate each other. Of course I admired her my whole life but you know, we were mother and daughter and it has been like that always. You feel your mother does not understand you and your life and blah blah blah. So yeah I was the same. I was very young as well. So I decided to come to this city to live and I came. When my mother had that accident I was here and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see her before passing away. It\uc0{\u8217}s one of my biggest regrets in my life. I regret what I said to her in our last meeting, because now I\uc0{\u8217}m older and I can see more clearly. Of course she had some mistakes but it was her first time to live and when you do something for the first time mistakes are normal. I never could forgive myself because I said those things to her and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t be there with her when she had that accident. From the first day I met you I had this question in my mind, is she happy there? Can I see her again the way I see you?\uc0{\u8221}Sadie\uc0{\u8217}s gaze softened with understanding. \uc0{\u8221}Honestly,\uc0{\u8221} she admitted, \uc0{\u8221}your mom mentioned your relationship, but kept things vague. Now, to answer your question, I can\uc0{\u8217}t guarantee anything. But if you\uc0{\u8217}d like, I can try reaching out to her, see if she\uc0{\u8217}d be willing to visit.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A jolt of surprise shot through me. Even though I\uc0{\u8217}d yearned for this answer, hearing it spoken sent shivers down my spine. \uc0{\u8221}See me? Really?\uc0{\u8221} I stammered.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Absolutely,\uc0{\u8221} Sadie confirmed, a gentle smile gracing her lips.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Should I prepare anything?\uc0{\u8221} I blurted, a flurry of nervous excitement bubbling up inside me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Nope,\uc0{\u8221} Sadie chuckled. \uc0{\u8221}Just be ready, that\uc0{\u8217}s all.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Glancing around the cafe, a sudden thought struck me. \uc0{\u8221}Maybe the office would be a better place,\uc0{\u8221} I suggested. \uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how I\uc0{\u8217}ll react, and wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t want to seem like a crazy person here.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sadie readily agreed, and we headed back to the office.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My heart hammered in my chest as we entered.\uc0{\u160} But instead of the organized space I\uc0{\u8217}d meticulously checked earlier, the office was a gaping emptiness. Every machine, every spool of thread \uc0{\u8211} gone.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Sadie,\uc0{\u8221} I whispered, my voice choked with disbelief, \uc0{\u8221}everything\uc0{\u8217}s\uc0{\u8230}gone!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sadie\uc0{\u8217}s spectral form flickered with surprise. \uc0{\u8221}Someone stole everything?\uc0{\u8221} she exclaimed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Speech stolen from me, I could only stare at the vacant space where my dreams had just begun to take shape.}}\par
\sect
}