{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy03\hr14\min08\sec17}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy03\hr14\min08\sec17}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I understand your situation has been difficult for you. It\uc0{\u8217}s important to know that some people don\uc0{\u8217}t feel romantic or attraction to the opposite, and that is okay. You have done well in your career and education, which shows you are successful and capable. Try to focus on your own happiness and well-being, not just what others expect from you. Accepting yourself first is important. There is nothing wrong with not feeling romantic or sexual attraction. It\uc0{\u8217}s just part of who you are.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You might find it helpful to connect with other people who have similar experiences. Look for support groups or communities for asexual or aromantic people. Talking to others who understand can make you feel less alone. You might also consider speaking with a therapist who knows about these issues. They can help you deal with stress and societal pressure.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 If you ever decide to get married or have a partner, be honest with them about your feelings and experiences. It\uc0{\u8217}s important for both of you to understand and respect each other. Focus on doing things you enjoy and that make you happy. Having a fulfilling life can help reduce stress. Remember, there is no single \uc0{\u8221}right\uc0{\u8221} way to live your life. It\uc0{\u8217}s okay if your life looks different from others. What matters most is your happiness and well-being. Take care of yourself and do what makes you happy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The above was me giving advice to a friend who came to me very stressed. It was important to talk to him because I love to make a difference in people\uc0{\u8217}s lives. One might be curious to know what my friend told me and below is what he said to me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have never had a girlfriend, never been married and never had a romantic relationship at my age. Yet I am very finely stable, I have two Masters Degrees and a well-paying job that comes with a car. I live in a mansion on one of the best neighbourhoods in one of the cities. This has led to appearances among the family and friends for years that I am gay. Why is a man like me not interspersed in women and all alone? Some say I have been enriched.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The truth is I have never seen my body active when it comes to wanting other people in my life. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what it feels like when people say someone has dumped me or I am heart broken. I realised this when I was in college because throughout secondary school, I thought it was normal. I have been to several witchdoctors and hospitals. I have seen specialists is India but it seems my fate is sealed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My condition has been a great cause of stress to me. At some point I thought of marrying a woman and let her get a pregnancy by someone or we adopt. But I thought won\uc0{\u8217}t be a torture to her or won\uc0{\u8217}t she be one to start spreading a secret I have kept to myself until today I have told you as a friend. I need your advice please and I hope you will keep my secret.}}\par
\sect
}