{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy24\hr06\min17\sec25}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy24\hr06\min17\sec25}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Were both Mr. Bienfait and Mrs. Judith serving a true God or something else? Did Judith take a good decision to reveal the secret of her pastor to the guest? The story tells about Mr. Bienfait, the pastor, who used to cheat with his church choir member, Mrs. Judith, a widow whose husband died in a car accident and left her with one kid. The scenario went through many times until the time Mr. Bienfait impregnated Judith and this one happened to reveal the secret during her confession to Mr. Emmanuel, a pastor from Tanzania.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr. Bienfait was the Pastor of Nazareth Ministry Church located at Dzaleka Refugee Camp, in Malawi. The church started in 2010 by Mr. Bukuru, his cousin who left the camp for Australia in 2015. Before departing to Australia, he appointed one the his deacons to substitute him. In doing so, his choice fell onto Mr. Bienfait, his cousin, rather than promoting his assistant whom the big majority of the church was expecting regardless of his Burundian nationality. The choice surprised many members and some of them decided to join other churches because they noticed that the choice was not fair according to their expectation. However, what made many believers to keep on staying in the church was the fact that Mr. Ndayizeye, the pastor\uc0{\u8217}s assistant, continued ministering no matter he was not given the position.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr. Bienfait supported by his cousin Bukuru, focused on the development of the church by rebuilding the church and buying more music instruments including a glassy pulpit and an altar carpet wanting to prove the believers that he deserved in the position. Looking at both the inside and outside of the church, it apparently looked very beautiful. According to Mr. Bienfait and his cousin, they thought that by doing all of that could impress God, the owner of the church, to approve their nepotistic nomination and forgot that nothing can change God\uc0{\u8217}s plan to someone\uc0{\u8217}s life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Though Mr. Bienfait showed to care about the material progress of the church, he had the behaviour of having sex with a widow called Judith, his church choir member. He used to take her out of the camp to Lilongwe city for having sex. In doing so, he impregnated her and asked the her to abort to save his personality honor. As he used to financially support the widow, this one also followed the pastor\uc0{\u8217}s instruction and aborted when the pregnancy was still one month old. Few months later, they continued with their evil practice of adultery no matter they were ministering in the church and thought God had no way to reveal their secret.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, the church received a pastor from Tanzania, Mr. Emmanuel, who used to visit the church even during the time it was still led by Mr. Bukuru. As usual to receive a mesage from God through dreams, Mr. Emmanuel dreamt God telling him to exhort to Nazareth Ministry congregation that His anger is upon those who are ministering yet they are sinning and that the mercy of God will remain upon those who will confess. Otherwise , they will get humiliated and more curses will follow them. When Mr. Emmanuel dreamt this twice, he then realised again that he had to say it in the church when preaching. Then reaching Sunday when they gave him the time to preach, he only focused on the message from God during his dreams and explained it to say that if God sends a message, He means there is something wrong happening in the church and His love is to rescue His people from His anger. The time he was transmitting the message to the congregation, Mrs. Judith got connected to it and understood that it was about her. This terrified her so much and decided to meet the preacher after the service to confess. So after the service, she privately met the preacher and started confessing: \uc0{\u8221} I\uc0{\u8217}m so very sorry pastor, the message of today is mine. I have been doing adultery with our pastor, Mr. Bienfait, for a long time without stopping singing in the church. I aborted his pregnancy as he instructed me fearing the humiliation. As I am talking, my body is burning inside. Please, please, please pray for me. I feel like I\uc0{\u8217}m finished pastor\uc0{\u8221} said Mrs. Judith.And the pastor replied:\uc0{\u8221} God is faithful to His word. Then I understand the meaning of the message. As God said, His mercy will remain upon those who will confess. Because you have confessed, let\uc0{\u8217}s pray and God has forgiven you.\uc0{\u8221} Finally, Mr. Emmanuel prayed for the widow and instructed her to stop sinning in her life. Reaching the evening, Mr. Emmanuel called Mr. Bienfait in the church office and asked him about the message from God without telling him what Mrs. Judith confessed to him. \uc0{\u8221}It was a good message and I hope it will help the church\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} answered Mr. Bienfait. \uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}God said that humiliation and more curses will follow those who will not confess. Is there any thing I can pray for you regarding the message? \uc0{\u8221} asked Mr. Emmanuel. Unfortunately, Mr. Bienfait answered: \uc0{\u8221}there is nothing on my side. God bless you for the service you have done\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}God loves you, Mr. Bienfait. Is there any thing I can pray for you before I leave the country?\uc0{\u8221} Mr. Emmanuel insisted. \uc0{\u8221}Everything is ok on my side\uc0{\u8221} answered Mr. Bienfait again. Finally, Mr. Emmanuel stopped the conversation with deepest regret because he knew that Mr. Bienfait hid the sin.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day later, Mr. Emmanuel went back to Tanzania. A week after his arrival in Tanzania, Mr. Bienfait was caught by a deacon who found him forcing a woman to do sex with him in the office. The woman was invited by the pastor at the office for an unknown reason. Arriving there, the pastor started forcing her until one of the church deacons came and found the woman shouting at the pastor while crying.When the deacon noticed that, he immediately called two elders of the church together with the husband of the woman to sort out the matter. When they all arrived, the husband took his wife and went straight to the police to report the incidence. The police came and arrested the pastor until they sentenced him for 20 years of imprisonment and hard labor for trying to rape his believer after some court trials . Then, Mr. Emmanuel got humiliated and suffered so much in the prison until he died of liver cancer in the second year of his imprisonment.After the arrestation of Mr. Emmanuel, the church elders gathered and appointed Mr. Ndayizeye, the pastor assistant, into the position of the pastor and this one did well all the time he was on the head of the church. His presence made some believers to return to the church and things went from progress to progress.}}\par
\sect
}