{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy20\hr06\min35\sec20}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy20\hr06\min35\sec20}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Transportation costs have risen which is making my trips to town extremely expensive compared to when I first arrived in Malawi. In the past, reaching town would be 800 Malawi Kwacha, but now, getting to Lilongwe town demands a huge 4000 Malawi Kwacha. These increased expenses are putting a stress on my small grocery business which operates in Dowa trading centre.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The main issue lies in the rising transportation fees. To maintain my regular grocery sales, I have to cover the costs of round-trip transportation which wasn\uc0{\u8217}t the case before. Previously, I could easily travel to town every week to restock my goods. But now due to the increased prices, I must give this pause to a month until I gather the enough money.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Unfortunately, the government of Malawi look as if it is not caring to these inflationary pressures that are in the country. Instead of tackling the problem, they have chosen to devalue the currency by a significant 44 percent. This sudden devaluation has left me regretful because I retained my stock before this economic decision, perhaps I could have eased losses and even managed to turn a profit but this was not the case.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Adding to this mess that the government is causing, they are also collecting taxes from my shop. The government has not introduced measures to support small businesses like mine in the face of these economic challenges. This lack of assistance compounds the difficulties I am already facing. The once routine task of getting goods from town now feels scary due to the financial burden imposed by increased transport expenses. This situation has forced me to reconsider my business strategies and explore alternative solutions to sustain my operations and maintain profitability.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I navigate these tough times, I am actively seeking ways to adapt and safeguard my business from the effects of rising costs and economic oscillations. Despite these challenges, I remain determined to find a feasible path forward for my grocery business. Exploring cost-effective measures, seeking potential partnerships, and exploring innovative approaches are among the avenues. I am considering to navigate these challenging economic circumstances and ensure the continuity of my business operations in the long term. I have hope that I will be able to cope with this as I am entering a new venture.}}\par
\sect
}