{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy29\hr14\min25\sec13}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy29\hr14\min25\sec13}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There lived a happy couple in Parand, the new city, which is located in Tehran, Iran.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This happy couple whose names were Amir and Zahra had no children. It was right a week before new year.\uc0{\u160} Winter was packing her suitcase, it was the time for her to leave. Winter is the symbol for \uc0{\u8220}She\uc0{\u8221} who has been sitting on the throne for 3 months. But the sound of singing birds, the green color of the carpet of the earth, decorated with colorful flowers, the clear sky where the sun shines all bring the news of coming spring. The season of rebirth. The season in which Iranian people celebrate the new year called \uc0{\u8220}Norooz\uc0{\u8221}.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two weeks of its beginning are off.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Children cheerfully jump and throw their backpack into the sky because they don\uc0{\u8217}t have to go to school for two weeks.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} Welcome Uncle Norooz, we love you so much\uc0{\u8221}, they say out loud.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}Before arriving Norooz, people are busy doing house cleaning. It is customary in Iran to do it; because they do believe that by removing the dust off furniture, cleaning the windows, washing the curtains we remove the dust from our heart and wash grudge and hatred away. So we can start a new year with purification like the purity of flowing water.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}Like others Amir and Zahra did all things. They have just finished spring cleaning and one day they decided to go out to buy some goldfish. Iranian people firmly believe that goldfish are representative of dynamism, that\uc0{\u8217}s why family buy 2 or 3 to have with them before the year becomes new.\uc0{\u160}}\par
{{\cf0\f0 On that day when the couple went out, people were everywhere hanging out with each other, laughing out and buying new things to welcome spring. Children got a real kick out of chasing one another, screaming and hopping. The sound of their laughter filled the air. It was enjoyable when the sound of their laughter was mixed with the wind howling. As if a beautiful, harmony symphony was being played for passers-by.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By the way, you could see the soul of life. Goldfish is so favorite and it is customary to have at least one with you at the time of turning the new year. Amir and Zahra were looking for the most cheerful and naughty fish. Those which can not be caught easily. Because they believe that these fish can live longer.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two beautiful goldfish with colorful tails and fins caught their eyes. They were too beautiful to be ignored. These two goldfish were so happy as if they were dancing in the water. They have made up their minds and wanted to have them.\uc0{\u160} After a minute of struggling not to be caught by the salesman, the two goldfish were put into a bag full of water.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}Amir and Zahra paid the money and took them home to free them in a big bowl of water waiting for them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}These two goldfish were released and started swimming swiftly. The couple were so enthusiastic about having them and went to sleep to celebrate the new year\uc0{\u160} with them the following day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}It was 6:00 in the morning and Zahra woke up and went straight to see the goldfish, but surprisingly she encountered a dead body. One of the goldfish jumped out of the water onto the floor and died due to the lack of Oxygen. The tears were rolling down on the face of Zahra non-stop. The drops were pouring down onto the body of the dead goldfish. She bent over and picked it up. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to put it into the bin so digged a very small hole in the vase and buried it there. The death of a goldfish made her sad but she was happy because of the other one which was swimming into the water.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She went and bought some algae and bread crumbs to feed the hungry fish. The new year came and the happy couple celebrated it with the alive goldfish.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That year started wonderfully. The fish brought good news with it. As the old proverb says\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} good beginning makes a good end\uc0{\u8221}. That year was full of prosperity and happiness for the couple. That fish was alive for 3 years and Amir and Zahra didn\uc0{\u8217}t buy a new one. They called that fish Ms. Tala. Tala became bigger and bigger by passing each year. But after the fourth year she became sick. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t eat anything or even move. And one day she went to see her old friend and never came back. She was buried in the same vase by her friend forever.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 12 March}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 2024}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}