{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy26\hr14\min16\sec53}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy26\hr14\min16\sec53}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gol Andam was stamping her feet, her white henna-dyed feet like two white birds with red spots pecking at the carpet flowers. She spun and stamped her feet, her skirt circling around her, and with each turn, the ceiling of the house also spun, the house spun, the house danced, all eyes spun, the ceiling of the house spun\uc0{\u8230} Gol Andam stamped her feet\uc0{\u8230} Gol Andam stamped her feet in time with the music, and the musicians played and beat in time with Gol Andam. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t know why she had to dance and didn\uc0{\u8217}t know why and how this path was chosen for her. When the work was done, everyone left, and Gol Andam would go to her room and change out of the fancy dress meant for court dancers, remove her bangles and anklets, and take off the emerald earrings that hurt her ears from their weight, placing them on her dressing table.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Wearing a simple cotton dress, she felt at peace. The servant would bring her tea and, without speaking to her, place the tea cup on the table beside her bed and leave, closing the door behind. She had been given a luxurious room; its windows were made of thorn wood with delicate carvings, and the velvet rose-patterned curtains added to the beauty of the house. Near the window was her bed with a green Banaras bedspread, and beside it a light green couch that added to the room\uc0{\u8217}s elegance, yet she did not feel happy. Everything was repetitive and tiresome for her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gol Andam lay on her bed, her legs restless and twisting in pain as usual. The soft breeze played with the curtains, creating rhythmic shadows that caressed her tired body. She scanned the entire house with sleepy eyes and her gaze was fixed on the intricately painted ceiling. She found herself drawn into the image, finding among the confusion a few men with turbans on their heads and a girl with hair falling to her knees. Memories of the past came back to her, of her father\uc0{\u8217}s turban, of the busy and tumultuous noises.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 ***}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her father\uc0{\u8217}s voice broke the silence of the room: \uc0{\u8221}For God\uc0{\u8217}s sake, Akhtar Gol has come again, this man won\uc0{\u8217}t leave me alone\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gol Andam recalled Akhtar Gol\uc0{\u8217}s visits and remembered how he would come to see her father every week, disturbing her father\uc0{\u8217}s peace. Akhtar Gol was a serious and angry man. Whenever Gol Andam heard Akhtar Gol\uc0{\u8217}s voice at the entrance, she would be terrified and tremble like a leaf, even though she did not know the purpose of his visits; she knew well that he tormented her father.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And again her father\uc0{\u8217}s voice echoed through the house: \uc0{\u8221}One day soon, he will take his debt and leave me grieving.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Akhtar was a sturdy man. He wore a special black turban and tucked its end into his knee. His black clothes would sometimes become so dirty that the hem of his collar changed color. He had a vest with a dirty green collar and pockets with open mouths. He often considered himself justified, as if he knew everything and was innocent. Although Kazem was no softie either, he had to bow to Akhtar Gol. In fact, they were two sides of the same coin.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The night almost ended, and nearing dawn, Gol Andam fell asleep after recalling her memories; but her sleep was not yet complete when Khavar knocked on the door violently. Gol Andam got up in fright, went to the door, and with great respect: \uc0{\u8221}Good morning, Khavar Aunty!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Good morning! Look at the time! It\uc0{\u8217}s already noon! Seems like you\uc0{\u8217}re not coming to work today?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gol Andam composed herself and said in a trembling voice: \uc0{\u8221}I was getting ready, sorry.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Usually, Gol Andam\uc0{\u8217}s preparations took hours. After having breakfast, she bathed, got ready, and the makeup artist entered the house with her tools, and she sat in front of her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was showing four in the afternoon. Guests were slowly arriving, and the servants were busy attending to them. The house was large, with engraved doors and windows, and colorful glass panes. Carpeted cushions served as pillows for the dark-skinned and stout men who came to watch the dance. Everyone sat around, smoking cigarettes and hookahs, with cups of dark black tea circulating among them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gol Andam got ready, her innocent face shining like a full moon. Today, her grand and beautiful dress made her look even more elegant and beautiful. She took the hallway and walked slowly and softly. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t like the jingling sound of her anklets, but it was pleasant for the waiting guests. The musicians would start tuning their instruments upon hearing Gol Andam\uc0{\u8217}s arrival, and this repetitive sound from the decorative earrings weighed down her ears, bothering her. She was approaching the door, and Khavar Aunt was following her with pride and joy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The music started, and everyone in the house had their eyes fixed on her. Cheers erupted, and the music grew louder. The dance and the shoulder shakes became more lively. Gol Andam, as she had been taught, danced gracefully, raising her sugarcane-like arms in a special style above her head, twisting them together. Her colorful bangles dazzled the eyes and soothed the ears. With each turn, her long braid, like a snake, would coil around her slim waist and then release. The bells at the end of her braid gently jingled around her body. Gol Andam\uc0{\u8217}s tall figure, in her red dress, moved like a flame, setting the hearts of the audience on fire. She stomped her feet and sometimes spun on her toes. With each turn, she would catch a glimpse of Khavar Aunt, and the repetition of these turns and Khavar\uc0{\u8217}s face annoyed her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 ***}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The scene changed before Gol Andam\uc0{\u8217}s eyes, and she found herself as a child, dancing with her thin little legs. The village girls appeared before her with each turn, all with smiling faces, clapping around her in a circle. The smell of wet clay walls of the wedding house reached Gol Andam\uc0{\u8217}s nose, and the surrounding neighbors in glittering and colorful dresses, simple girls with peach-patterned scarves, clapping and smiling. Gol Andam found herself as a little girl among the neighboring women, dancing joyfully and innocently. With each turn, she would see her playmates one by one, and on one side, her mother with distant and close relatives also appeared to Gol Andam. Lost in her childish world, spinning, her eyes fell on a woman who watched her with deep interest\uc0{\u8212}a plump woman with wide silver bangles and a string of prayer beads around her neck, in which a few dirty green amulets were embedded.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 ***}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The plump woman changed the scene, and Gol Andam found herself back among stout men. The heavy smell of the dance house and the sly, selfish woman who had taken an interest in her since childhood and marked the beginning of her misfortune. Gol Andam never asked why she had to dance and stomp her feet; it seemed she was born for this. She only knew that everyone was a stranger to her, and in Khavar Aunt\uc0{\u8217}s house, she was a source of income. She had only been conditioned to dance and bring joy. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t know her age because from the time she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t distinguish her right hand from her left, her hand had been given to Akhtar Gol, and she didn\uc0{\u8217}t even know who or where Akhtar Gol was. That burly man with dirty clothes and a vest with open pockets, who terrified her father, and her father\uc0{\u8217}s voice always echoed in her ears:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Akhtar won\uc0{\u8217}t let us live, Akhtar has come again!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Days passed by, repeating and repeating. Certain people filled the house, and according to the makeup lady, \uc0{\u8220}Gol Dokhtar Mahtab\uc0{\u8221} was adorned to bring them joy and entered a house smelling of strangers, of smoke. When she entered the house, her breath would catch in her chest until she got used to it, accustomed to the house\uc0{\u8217}s foul smell. She would circle her skirt and spin; the ceiling would spin, the colorful walls would spin, the spectators would spin, and Khavar Aunt\uc0{\u8217}s eyes would spin. And night would end, and Gol Andam would enter her room, wear her soft cotton dress, and lie on her bed. Her black eyes would scan the ceiling to find peace, and the ceiling would open its mouth. The ceiling, as always, would open its mouth, starting a conversation with her, telling her a bedtime story\uc0{\u8212}not a delightful story to lull her to sleep but a tale that would wake her from deep sleep and excite her. The ceiling would repeat her dreams and realities, the ceiling would recount her memories, telling her the sorrowful tale of her mother, and she would hear her father\uc0{\u8217}s voice confiding in her grandmother. On that day, Gol Andam, lying peacefully under the blanket, heard her father\uc0{\u8217}s voice:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Akhtar Gol won\uc0{\u8217}t leave us alone\uc0{\u8230}!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And she recalls her father\uc0{\u8217}s words. That day, when her father told the whole story to her grandmother uncensored, setting out for the city and turning back halfway.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kazem intended to go to the city on Saturday. After his prayers, he prepared himself, putting on his woolen coat and wrapping a thick blanket around himself before leaving the house. The weather was very cold with a strong wind blowing, seemingly swirling chunks of ice and snow in the air and hitting Kazem. He pulled the corner of his blanket down to cover his forehead and covered his mouth. He walked faster to reach the main road and catch a ride to the city as soon as possible.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the alley, he encountered different people: boys carrying their Qurans under their arms heading to the mosque, a little girl in not-so-warm clothes taking dough to the bakery, her red face and nose from the cold clearly visible. She greeted Kazem and passed by, and seeing her reminded Kazem of his own daughter, innocent and perhaps destined to fall into the clutches of a predator like a hawk, just as his wife had said. Hajji Sardar was returning from morning prayers, and he always sat in the mosque for a few hours after prayers, reciting his rosary. Kazem greeted him and walked on, recalling his wife\uc0{\u8217}s words: \uc0{\u8220}Tell your problem to Hajji Sardar; he is a good man.\uc0{\u8221} Just then, the conductor\uc0{\u8217}s voice rang out:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Ya Allah, Ya Allah, we\uc0{\u8217}re leaving. Hurry up, the bus is filling up.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kazem quickened his steps, reaching the road, gathered his blanket, and got on the bus. There was a seat in the back for Kazem, and as soon as he sat down, Akhtar Gol greeted him and said:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Going to the city for your mother\uc0{\u8217}s medicine? I heard she\uc0{\u8217}s unwell!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kazem nodded and said nothing. He knew well that Akhtar would start a conversation, so when they reached the lower village, he called out:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Stop here, driver, I\uc0{\u8217}m getting off.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Akhtar, with his rough voice, intervened:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Why here? Don\uc0{\u8217}t tell me you have relatives in the lower village!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No, no relatives. Just going this way, I have some work.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Akhtar immediately reminded him:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ll come back tomorrow; there are some things we need to discuss. Don\uc0{\u8217}t be absent!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kazem paid the bus fare and started walking to put some distance between himself and the bus carrying Akhtar Gol, intending to catch another bus. He was very afraid of Akhtar, who, in the eyes of the people, was always justified. Akhtar had lost his younger brother and, according to tribal customs, was seeking blood money.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kazem sat by the roadside and remembered his wife\uc0{\u8217}s words, that on the day of his sister\uc0{\u8217}s wedding, Akhtar\uc0{\u8217}s mother had come and stared at Gol Andam. He always feared the day Akhtar would claim his daughter. His head was spinning, and he was restless, thinking to himself:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Oh God, what does Akhtar want to say? Why is he coming tomorrow? I know it\uc0{\u8217}s the usual talk. If only I had money to get rid of him, to send him away for good\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He got up, unable to go to the city, and decided to return to the village.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It wasn\uc0{\u8217}t yet noon when Kazem reached home. Gol Andam joyfully opened the door, grabbed the corner of her father\uc0{\u8217}s blanket, and led him inside. Kazem\uc0{\u8217}s mother, who was sitting under the table, jumped up upon hearing her son\uc0{\u8217}s voice and asked anxiously:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What happened? Couldn\uc0{\u8217}t you find a bus? Maybe because of the cold, the buses didn\uc0{\u8217}t run?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No, mother, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t go. Don\uc0{\u8217}t keep asking.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He shook his blanket and placed it on the table, continuing:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Death would be better for me, death. This tormentor won\uc0{\u8217}t leave me alone. If only he\uc0{\u8217}d killed me, I swear it would\uc0{\u8217}ve been a thousand times better. If only he\uc0{\u8217}d died too\uc0{\u8230} God, forgive me\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What happened, son? Did that damned Akhtar say something again? He\uc0{\u8217}s a very bad man. If he had any belief in God, he\uc0{\u8217}d believe in death too.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kazem, exasperated, snapped:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What death, what death\uc0{\u8230}! If your own dear child had been killed, would you say his time had come? This brother of mine has ruined my life\uc0{\u8230}!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 ***}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gol Andam, startled by her father\uc0{\u8217}s loud voice, sat up on her bed, talking to herself:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}My father\uc0{\u8230} Akhtar\uc0{\u8230} mother\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The night had passed its middle. She held her head in her hands, recalling her childhood and the day her father neither ate nor drank, said nothing, and didn\uc0{\u8217}t listen, hiding under the table and waiting for the next day\uc0{\u8230} She was filled with sorrow, fearing her father might leave her alone just like her mother had. She remembered how her father doted on her and, early in the morning, when she lay half-asleep under the blanket, her father would return from the mosque, stroke her tousled hair, and murmur to himself:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}She\uc0{\u8217}s so innocent, this little girl, never knew her mother\uc0{\u8217}s love.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She remembered the embroidered dress and white high-heeled shoes, the only keepsake from her mother, hung on a peg, waiting for Gol Andam to grow up. Her grandmother always said it was her mother\uc0{\u8217}s memento, carefully kept in a bundle to protect it from mice, saved for her wedding.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Near evening, Akhtargol returned home and narrated the story of seeing Kazem with his mother. Akhtargol\uc0{\u8217}s mother, heated with anger, exclaimed loudly:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Whatever it is, her brother\uc0{\u8217}s arrogance shattered me. I can never forget it. His clothes stained with the blood of a street fight, his white shirt soaked in blood\uc0{\u8230} His hair was drenched in blood. Piece by piece, by God\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He left me in despair, made my heart bleed! Now either he pays us back or gives his daughter!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Upon hearing her mother\uc0{\u8217}s words, Akhtargol left the room and said:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What can I do with his eight-year-old daughter! It\uc0{\u8217}s too much burden. I can\uc0{\u8217}t afford to take care of her! He should pay me back, as we have no means of livelihood!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her mother, whose black hair had turned gray with experience, continued:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s useful one day, very useful indeed, not very wise though. He\uc0{\u8217}s grown tall, maybe ten or twelve now. I saw him, his eyes rolling back, dancing like a bridegroom in the field, captivating everyone\uc0{\u8217}s heart! Soon, he\uc0{\u8217}ll become a family man. On the other hand, Kazem has no money to give you; we have to bring his daughter.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Akhtargol\uc0{\u8217}s heart sank upon hearing her mother\uc0{\u8217}s words, and she leaned against the wall, pulling her blanket over herself, pondering. She thought about the wife and children, her livelihood under the thatched roof, and how to bring Kazem\uc0{\u8217}s daughter and what the neighbors, who build castles out of straw, would say when they see the ignorant girl.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was late at night, and Akhtargol\uc0{\u8217}s wife, informed of the matter, was still restless and sleepless on her bed, her eyes wide open.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the morning, as the night\uc0{\u8217}s darkness receded, and contrary to people\uc0{\u8217}s wishes for clouds to appear to save them from the dry and heat, the sun rose over the black houses, casting its shadow. Akhtargol\uc0{\u8217}s mother lit the stove, placed firewood, and cautiously put the black tea kettle on it. The warmth of the fire spread throughout the house, and the children encircled it, watching the flames. Akhtargol intended to go to Kazem\uc0{\u8217}s house, and as soon as she drank a cup of tea, she left the house, taking the downhill path, quickly reaching Kazem\uc0{\u8217}s door. Kazem, too fearful and troubled to go to the mosque for morning prayers, was still crouched under his chair, but upon hearing the door\uc0{\u8217}s noise, he jumped up, his heart racing; he knew what Akhtargol wanted and knew that his daughter would pay for his brother\uc0{\u8217}s stubbornness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He glanced at his innocent daughter lying under the blanket, a child who had neither experienced a mother\uc0{\u8217}s love nor received any share of peace for their household to find safety.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kazem picked up his blanket and left the house. His old brown shoes, showing signs of wear, were slipped on the children\uc0{\u8217}s feet, barely covering their worn-out soles, and he struggled to fit his cracked feet into the shoes. He wore them and walked out of the house, taking the path to the gate. As he opened the gate, his eyes fell on Aftargol, who, in good health, briefly said:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Today, the issue must be resolved. Life is passing by, and eventually, I must repay my debts, and you must find a way out of your troubles. If you don\uc0{\u8217}t have the money, there are other ways\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kazem closed the gate out of fear and stood still, as if his back was broken.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Time passed, and Akhtargol, in the sunlight in front of Kazem\uc0{\u8217}s house, leaned against the wall. She wanted this issue to be resolved without conflict so that the villagers wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t gossip about her. Kazem, unable to move from fear, sat still, trembling against the wall. Meanwhile, Kazem\uc0{\u8217}s mother waited at home. She woke Golandam up to inquire about her father. Golandam rubbed her eyes and went towards the gate with sleepy steps, suddenly spotting her father sitting behind the gate, his hands clasped together in thought.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Dad! Come home, it\uc0{\u8217}s very cool!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This cry brought Kazem\uc0{\u8217}s heart to his throat, and his warm tears ran down his cooled cheeks amidst his stubble. In response to his daughter\uc0{\u8217}s plea, he said:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m coming, my dear!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kazem got up and headed home. Seeing his elderly mother, he sighed and moaned, conveying to her the seriousness and unpleasantness of the situation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What I feared has come to pass. Akhtargol intends to take my daughter as a sacrifice. Whoever doesn\uc0{\u8217}t have money must sacrifice their own flesh and blood! Oh, this foolish child, if only he had a daughter of his own to bleed for.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Before his mother could speak, Kazem cried out, silencing her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Golandam was overwhelmed by her father\uc0{\u8217}s cry, and she sat on her bed. Her soft and delicate hands trembled, and even though she clasped them together, they couldn\uc0{\u8217}t find peace. She said to herself:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Now I understand well how that cursed Akhtargol has brought me to this day. I can\uc0{\u8217}t bear it anymore, I can\uc0{\u8217}t dance anymore for her, cursed fate!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The dawn slowly began to appear, and Golandam realized that she had a day full of work ahead; but today, she wasn\uc0{\u8217}t thinking about dancing. She was awake now, alert, and she made a different decision. She got up and went to the window, a wooden frame telling stories of ancient times. She pushed aside the soft velvet curtain, sat on the wide windowsill, gazing outside, her anger consuming her. She got up, grasping her hands at her waist, and began to pace, various thoughts swirling in her mind. Once again, she stood near the window, noticing the arrival of dawn and watched the sun slowly rise from the horizon, illuminating the green branches and the flower-filled buds. The atmosphere was calm, devoid of hustle and bustle, filled with the sounds of birds chirping. In this house, everyone usually woke up late because they slept late, had breakfast late, and had lunch even later. The sun had reached the middle of the sky when the servants entered the house with breakfast dishes, and shortly after, the hairdresser knocked on the door and entered. Today, Golandam didn\uc0{\u8217}t bathe before sitting in front of the lady hairdresser, who quickly realized her fatigue and inquired about her well-being. Golandam, with her good manners, used sleepiness as an excuse and began to engage in the usual conversations with the lady.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hours passed, guests moved through the corridors in groups, counting each one and measuring their money. The servants were all busy, striving for order and cleanliness. The area around the salon was filled with common and special guests. The musicians were waiting to hear Golandam\uc0{\u8217}s footsteps. Golandam finished her cup of tea and got up from her seat, and headed towards the salon door to welcome the guests, but before she reached it, Golandam\uc0{\u8217}s room door opened, and the hairdresser, seeing Golandam, said to her:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Today, the moonlight girl has a different charm, shining like the moon.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Golandam immediately replied:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Golandam is growing up slowly, and with her height, her beauty also doubles. It has been said that the moon shows its radiance on the night of the fourteenth and the girl at sixteen. Now Golandam is sixteen. Golandam stood up from her room and nodded to Bibi Khavar and continued on her way. Bibi Khavar followed her with a smile and special delight, and after she entered the house, she followed suit and sat in her usual place. Golandam\uc0{\u8217}s dance enthusiasts, who had been waiting for about an hour, gathered themselves and clapped with every move Golandam made, throwing money into the field with each movement, encouraging Golandam more and more. Golandam tapped her feet and skillfully swirled her flowing skirt, intertwining her hands expertly. The musicians were thrilled, and Bibi Khavar watched Golandam\uc0{\u8217}s graceful movements with joy. Today, Golandam\uc0{\u8217}s dance was different, her movements more serious, seemingly her heart had opened, searching for freedom. Today was different than usual, today she was more anxious than usual, but the hearts of the spectators were restless and excited, like flames.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Half the night passed, and Bibi Khavar waved her hand, and Golandam spun around, then sat down. Her embroidered skirt spread wide on the ground as she spun around, and the musicians stopped playing. The house emptied of both special and common folks, and Golandam went back to her room, and the lady saw off all the guests and turned off the lights.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Silence prevailed, and Golandam\uc0{\u8217}s painful body stretched out on her bed, accompanied by various thoughts leading her towards salvation. She got up and stood in front of the window, where the moon told stories behind the willow trees, and the gentle breeze played with the trees. The park corridors were empty, and the shadows of the cypress trees moved rhythmically between them. Golandam gazed to the end of the park, beyond the tall plane trees. She pushed her hair aside and glanced at the clock, sitting on her faint green couch, embracing her knees and resting her chin between them. The burden of pain and sorrow weighed heavily on her shoulders, and her fingers felt pain and coldness. She leaned her face against her pillow involuntarily and drifted off into a not-so-deep sleep. After a few minutes, she felt a shake, as if someone had come and shaken her to move, so that time wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t pass by. She glanced at the clock and remembered hearing one of the guests say on a day:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Qandahar won\uc0{\u8217}t be warmer, I was only stuck in Qandahar this year, otherwise I go to other valleys every year.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Now it\uc0{\u8217}s clear that this is Qandahar. Now I know that cursed Akhtargol has brought me here because of staying away from my father and my own income.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She remembered the sound of the service motor and the bumps, and the rough voices and short, loud noises of Khavar, who was saying something to her companions. Until now, she didn\uc0{\u8217}t know where in this earthly pit she was forced to live.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m moving, even if it costs me my life, I have to move, I have to save myself, there will be someone anywhere to accompany me, if no one else, then the moon will accompany me until morning, and then I\uc0{\u8217}ll be entrusted to the sun; they will pass me on to the happy village, I will pass under the white tree branches to heaven! Everyone will join hands to save me. I have to go, I have to go, to wear my mother\uc0{\u8217}s green dress with white shoes, how beautiful I will be, like my mother, maybe a kind-hearted youth is waiting for me, maybe there is someone to hold my hand and fulfill my mother\uc0{\u8217}s wish, my mother who sleeps in the ground and my weak father. I have to fly out of this golden cage before dawn, I am not inferior to the birds, I will fly! Fly!!!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She opened her wardrobe and put on appropriate clothes, and the creams she had hidden among her shoes since the first day, perhaps the original owner had fled from here too. She picked up the embroidered handbag made by her mother\uc0{\u8217}s skilled hands, filled with some sweets. She looked around the room, a luxurious room that she had no attachment to, and despite all its amenities, it hadn\uc0{\u8217}t brought her a moment of happiness or rest. She sat on the edge of the window and lowered herself down!!!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A mighty storm arose, lifting the curtains from the window sill to the ceiling and back again, as if the curtains were subjected to the wrath of the wind, swinging wildly and then returning to their place. There was no sign of Golandam in this luxurious room anymore. Golandam left this royal mansion and headed towards her father\uc0{\u8217}s land, a place that perhaps had nothing but love.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hours passed, and the house without Golandam, the house that had housed Golandam for about three or four years, was now without her, silent and empty. Along the horizon, the light brightened, and the air became clearer. The grass had a fresher hue and welcomed the sunlight. The farmers and gardeners in the park began their activities, all unaware of the events.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the other side of the corridor, Khavar woke up from her gentle sleep, and the servants started walking through the corridors, those who had tirelessly walked back and forth from dawn till dusk without showing any signs of fatigue. The morning of the Moon\uc0{\u8217}s daughter was prepared, and the relevant servant took it upon herself and opened the gate with a smile. Not finding Golandam\uc0{\u8217}s absence troubling, as she might have been in the bathhouse, she set the breakfast on the table and glanced around the house before leaving. Later, the lady-in-waiting took the Moon\uc0{\u8217}s daughter\uc0{\u8217}s route, knocking on the door and entering. Not finding Golandam in her room, she began to worry because it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t like Golandam to skip breakfast, and she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t be in the bathhouse at this hour. She hesitated for a moment before opening the door to the bathhouse and saw\uc0{\u8230}! A tremor ran through her body, and she said to herself:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}She\uc0{\u8217}s not here!!! Where is she?!\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}Golandam is not home!!!\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}Golandam!!! She\uc0{\u8217}s not here, she\uc0{\u8217}s not at home, and the window is open\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}