{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy02\hr17\min34\sec29}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy02\hr17\min34\sec29}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sitting next to the window, the window is closed, the sky is dark, my heart is tired and depressed. I want to fly, to be free, to be happy, but the the life have captured me, broke my wings.When I close my eyes I see a happy girl  laughing and thinking of her huge dreams\uc0{\u8230}. The girl whose dream is to become a lawyer, while all my friends and family wants me to become a doctor to heal and treat thier wounds and pains. But I prefer to be a companion of the suffering women of my country. Women who do not see any open doors for them, sitting behind closed windows but I want to be a door for their hopes.After finishing the twelfth grade, I entered the entrance examination of Kankor. I was so happy which I saw myself in the sky, suddenly sadness surged in my heart, I remembered my father\uc0{\u8217}s words that a girl should get married after finishing the twelfth grade.  I thought marriage was a sweet dream, marrying a man whom I love and who would be a supporter of you, oh how good it is that my life partner be an educated man and a supporter of my work in the future. But my father didnt wanted me to marry auch man. What\uc0{\u8217}s wrong with being educated?  Two men one is a final year medical student and the other is an English teacher both wanted me. I would feel lucky if I got married to either of them. Suddenly, I got the answer to all my questions in one sentence from my father, \uc0{\u8221}Is education going to be food or water?\uc0{\u8221}My tongue rolled and I mumbled my opinion about continuing my education and getting married as I wish, suddenly I felt pain in my chest, and I realized that my father was beating me, and I was shocked by my mother\uc0{\u8217}s voice, saying, \uc0{\u8221}My daughter, save yourself, don\uc0{\u8217}t kill her O man, what did she say?\uc0{\u8221}  Under my father\uc0{\u8217}s legs and boxes, my mind was so busy with my education and marriage that I was not feeling any pain. Is it a crime not to marry?  Why don\uc0{\u8217}t I have the right to choose who to  marry with?  Isn\uc0{\u8217}t it my life, why does the boys have the right to choose but not me?  I wish I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t a girl\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I came to myself when my father was tired of beating me and my mother was crying, \uc0{\u8221} my daughter, Save yourself, is it the first time your father beats you, why you freezed, run away. As I wanted to go away my legs didnt accompany me, I dragged my body to the room hardly . I  surrendered by the thoughts of marrying to my father\uc0{\u8217}s friend\uc0{\u8217}s son, who was an illiterate and rich boy, and my father considered me worthy of him, married him.In hope of the future, when I  become a lawyer, that day I will not allow the girls of my homeland to fall victim to this unjust life.Finally, the waiting was over and the results were announced. I dared and said to my father that I do not have internet to see the results at home, I must go to cafe to check out my result. Guess what, yes, like always father\uc0{\u8217}s boxes were coming toward me, this time my mother was also the victim of  this one-sided fight just to be an armor against those boxes, she and me were lost under the father\uc0{\u8217}s feet until the he got tired.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why the night lasted so long, or maybe it was just for me, my eyes did not close due to stress of my results. God, what a long night, why this night doesn\uc0{\u8217}t ends? I spent hours restlessly and after sunrise, I hid from my father and went to school to learn about the results of my entrance exam. With the sound of \uc0{\u8221}good morning Doctor\uc0{\u8221} I looked behind me and my heart was pounding hardly. Does Bahar know the results? I came to my senses with the sound of Bahar saying: why are your eyes puffy \uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}.! No, no, it is not possible, I have to see for myself, and took my code to see my results.What a strange feeling I was experiencing talking to God \uc0{\u8221}do not disappoint me, let me free the girls from this prison\uc0{\u8221}. Bahar gave me congratulations, my eyes was filled woth tears, Finally I could become a lawyer.I know the way to save myself from my father and my fianc\uc0{\u233}, I will spend everything and become a good lawyer, I will save every girl, each girl should have the right to choose her life\uc0{\u8217}s way, the right to education, the right to comment and the right to choose her life partner. I said goodbye to Bahar and ran to the house. Who should I give my good news to? Father? No, I\uc0{\u8217}m not sure he will be happy, he did not want me to go to the entrance exam. Oh, my mother would be happy and the feeling of making my mother happy gave me more power and I ran faster and conveyed the news to my mother, my mother\uc0{\u8217}s happiness and her warm embrace removed all my stress and worries, I did not want that peace to be taken away from me.My father behinde us said: Why are you happy? Did the groom bring money?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With a smile, I bowed in front of my father and said no, I succeeded in law and I would become a good lawyer. My father laughed and said; girl and lesson! What a meaningless sentence. You are not allowed to study more than twelfth grade. The mother jumped between father\uc0{\u8217}s words and said, \uc0{\u8221}No, my daughter will finish her studies, isnt it right?\uc0{\u8221} With a smile, I shook my head in approval. Days passed and I was waiting to register at Law University until the wait was over and I entered my dreams, oh, what a beautiful day, I wish that, that day did not end. Such  a beautiful day. After that day there was a very dark night when my father said: \uc0{\u8221}Get ready girl, your wedding is in another month and you will go to your husband\uc0{\u8217}s house\uc0{\u8221}. When I heard this sentence, I was shocked and I shook my head in approval because I knew that when the man of home says a sentence its unchangable, I came to my bedroom, my siblings were talking happily about my wedding the sound of their laughter filled the room. Suddenly my little sister put her hand on my neck and kissed my face and said: \uc0{\u8221}Sister, it is good that you get married and you go away. Dad can no longer hit you.\uc0{\u8221} With this word, questions came to my mind! How can I take the hand of a man I have never seen or even talked to! I wish my father would let us talk before the wedding, see him for at least one month to know him better. But the father did not allow it. Oh, what a strange custom in this land, you have to put your head on the pillow with the man who you did not see at all, how is it possible?It was time for the wedding and I became an illiterate and rich man\uc0{\u8217}s wife.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My fear was not empty, I faced strong opposition from my husband to leave the university saying: \uc0{\u8221}I do not like my wife to be among men and study, it is a shame for a woman. He said these words without any feelling and arrogancely, I cried and struggled and wore a Burqa(a cover which covers all body) he finally accepted.I went to university with the hope of a better future. After six months, I announced my pregnancy to my husband, hoping that he would hug me and cares me with a kiss, I did not know that this is a big wish, how can I expect such a thing from an illeterate and arrogance man. I came to my senses that he said it is fine, you should no longer go to university and take care of your child. When I heard this, I opened my mouth and said that I will take care of our child beside I would continue my studies and you could not stop me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After saying this, I heard a sentence that shook my heart with the slap in my face: So go to your father\uc0{\u8217}s house, I do not want a woman who shoots with a stranger under one roof under the pretext of lessons. I opened my mouth, the man, everyone is studying there, there is no place to do a bad verb. I was silent when I saw my tent falling in front of me. I picked up my tent and went to my father\uc0{\u8217}s house with a broken heart. My father was shocked to see me and told him to support me. I forgot that my father caused me so much misery. How will it support me ?! Has it changed? When my father\uc0{\u8217}s voice made me alive again, the girl\uc0{\u8217}s foot is in your husband\uc0{\u8217}s house. Desperately back, my husband\uc0{\u8217}s house. Why did you see that you have no place? Only I can feed your stomach. This word was out of my tolerance and I shouted that living together is not just about feeding the stomach, don\uc0{\u8217}t you feel? Saying this under my husband\uc0{\u8217}s feet, I felt such a pain that I shouted ungodly, \uc0{\u8221}Oh, mother, I want my mother, where is my mother, where do you come and save me? I saw it and my eyes crossed. I do not know how many hours ago I died with my mother\uc0{\u8217}s voice, my daughter, okay? Mother be sacrificed, what a bad luck you had, he kissed my hand with tears in his eyes and continued; Forgive me, I am to blame for all this suffering, I was just thinking about myself. Oh, seeing your beautiful face, your innocent smiles make my dark world a paradise. You are your mother\uc0{\u8217}s paradise, my beautiful. What a beautiful smile on his face seemed to say these words.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What good is my mother, the angel of my life. Did my daughter continue to give you good news? I confirmed with a hint. I did not want to say anything anymore, my whole being was full of despair. Tired and broken, but what is the life I have? They only took away my hope, I can no longer continue my studies. What should I live for? When I heard my mother\uc0{\u8217}s voice, I asked with excitement, \uc0{\u8221}Mom, tell me again, what did you say?\uc0{\u8221} Yes, my daughter, I will not allow my daughter to be harassed anymore. Tears in my eyes, I paid a heavy price to continue my education, I lost my child. My baby was aborted. Again, there was hope in my heart, I will achieve my dream. Days passed and I was with an illiterate frowning man until I celebrated my leisure party with my beautiful girl four years later. Far from being a happy celebration, it is not a celebration of my sorrows because I am not allowed to work in the law office. I have become a mother and I just have to notice my children. This time I gave in to my husband\uc0{\u8217}s words. I opened my eyes to the voice of my husband, who wanted money for living expenses. Now why doesn\uc0{\u8217}t the father come and help me with the house? He slept from morning to evening and only wanted money for drugs, how long should I pay for the house with sewing and private teaching. It is enough to be a parent of the house for fifteen years,I want to fly\uc0{\u8230}.A flight to God forever \uc0{\u8230}..Goodbye unequal life \uc0{\u8230}.}}\par
\sect
}