{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy02\hr01\min07\sec28}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy02\hr01\min07\sec28}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a small village called bungatira, lived me and my family.My single poor mother who had two kids, my young brother and I. My mother struggled to put food on the table for us ever since the death of our father that was caused by a road accident five years ago. Ever since then, my mother has been the bread winner of the family. She struggled every single day to earn money so we could eat, she would go door to door looking for people\uc0{\u8217}s clothes to wash so that she can earn some money to buy us food. Sometimes she worked on people\uc0{\u8217}s farm land to earn some extra money. Everyday when I wake up, I see her like my hero for she has never made us sleep hungry ever since our father passed away. She for once never complained about anything,she never got tired of working, she was for sure the most hardworking woman I had ever known. Each and every passing day, I admired her for she was a woman of steel.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One morning, my mum didn\uc0{\u8217}t wake up as early as she did everyday, on going to check on her she was really sick and there was no money to take her to the hospital. I looked around for some small money and got her some drugs, but ever since that day I took it upon myself to take care of the family, for mother had to get some rest. It was high time mother was taken care of too before we loose her too. For this I had to think of a way to get money, from morning to sunset my brain was at work on how and where am going to start looking for money, that\uc0{\u8217}s when I remembered my friend Tracy who had told me that I was to beautiful to suffer in poverty,she had mentioned that there were alot of guys who were ready spend on me as long as I gave in to their demand and satisfied them. At that moment, my mind was only on how I could make money to help out mother and my brother Jordan. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t care about the repercussions, immediately without thinking twice I called Tracy to let her know that I was ready for the business, and thankfully she was excited to teach me everything about the business. That very afternoon I organized myself to leave for the city, the worse part of it was lying to my mother for I had to lie to her about the Job I was going to do. I had never lied to my mother before and I felt terrible but I had to do it for her own good.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At around midday I was already in the city being picked up from the bus station by Tracy. She welcomed me warmly. She had prepared some nice meal that I had never eaten all my life. That very evening she gave gave me some short dress and classic shoes to put on. The whole day she was teaching me how to wear heels and since I was a fast learner I learn very well. On reaching the club that evening, I saw things that my eyes had never seen before, leaving the fact that I had never been in a club my whole life. We went straight to a table where some old rich man was sitting. \uc0{\u8221}This is my friend Priscilla, Priscilla meet chief Benard.\uc0{\u8221} Says Tracy. \uc0{\u8221}Nice to meet you Priscilla, your really beautiful!\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160} Says Chief. As the night went by who drink and drunk, something which I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t done before.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I woke up in the morning and realized I was in an hotel room with chief, there and then I jumped out of the bed asking Chief what had happened. \uc0{\u8221}We had sex and that\uc0{\u8217}s what happened,\uc0{\u8221} replied chief. I sat besides the bed crying and wondering if we even used protection. Immediately, chief threw one million near me and started to head out of the hotel room, before him leaving the room, he told me I could stay and leave whenever I wanted for he had paid all the bills. Immediately I picked the money and sent it to my mum. The sound of her voice being so happy after receiving the money was what really mattered to me, how I got it was really not important for my mother was what mattered the most.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}