{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy01\hr15\min25\sec44}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy01\hr15\min25\sec44}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The morning reaches when the sun appears in the sky. I have been waiting for today for several nights. I could not sleep well last night because of excitement. I am so happy and excited today that I cannot express it with any words. Just a few months ago, after 20 years, the regime of my country changed. After two decades of wars, the men wearing turban, which we call Taliban, entered Kabul and occupied the presidential palace. This was not the only citadel that was filled with the presence of the Taliban, also they were able to capture all the cities of Afghanistan. Those who claimed that they were not willing to hand over the country to the Taliban at the cost of their lives, ran away first. The Taliban came and blocked all schools, universities, and educational centers for girls; according to themselves, they suspended opening them. They promised to open schools and today they are going to fulfill their promise. Today is the first day of starting schools after the Taliban came to power. Although many people have been skeptical of the Taliban\uc0{\u8217}s promise, there has been no ruling from them regarding the closure of girls\uc0{\u8217}s schools yet. Today is the first day that I am going to go to school as a student in eleventh grade. For me, today, along with the beginning of the 1401 year, is also the beginning of a new life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wake up early in the morning and get ready to go to school. I prepared my uniform the night before. I cannot sit because of happiness, and I don\uc0{\u8217}t even want to eat breakfast. The only thing I want is to go to my school soon and meet my classmates and teachers after all this time and tell them how much I miss them. I want to enjoy the remaining years of school heartily; now I appreciate it more than ever. I cannot wait any longer, so I rush out of the house. I want to return to the warm embrace of the school again, sit in the class, and listen to my teacher\uc0{\u8217}s lecture. I want my fingers to touch the pages of books again. I tightly hold my bag in which I put some of my pens and notebooks. My heartbeat increases with each step closer to school. Finally, I reach the school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I see this familiar place again from a distance, the windows of my class, the school gate, the excitement sound coming from inside, tears well up in my eyes. I push the door and enter the school. I expected to see the same open space of the school, again which was decorated all around with vases and beautiful shapes and paintings drawn on the walls. But I see that many students like me, who come to school after a few months, are all gathered in one place out of the classrooms. Our teachers do not allow anyone to enter the classes. Why? What has happened? In the meantime, as I stare everywhere and look for someone to ask her the reason for this obstacle, I see one of my classmates. She calls me, \uc0{\u8221}Sara?\uc0{\u8221} It is Marjan who is calling me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I go to her, and we both hug and greet each other with happiness and smiles. It is known that Marjan entered the school earlier than me, so she must know what is going on here, and why we have been prevented from going to the classrooms. I ask her, \uc0{\u8221}Marjan, do you know why they do not allow us to enter the classes?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With tears in her eyes, she speaks after a few seconds of being silent, \uc0{\u8221}They say that the Taliban have allowed only female students to study up to the sixth grade. This means that we, who are in the 11th grade, do not have the right to enter the school and study.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I feel that I have lost all my strength. In a second, all my happiness turns into pain and sadness. I say in disbelief, \uc0{\u8221}How is it possible? We also have the right to educate. Is it possible that girls do not have the right to go to school in the 21st century?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Marjan remains silent, and I can discover from the tears that fall on her cheeks that it is not a joke. I look at other girls. Some of them just keep quiet and look around like me who still have not digested this. The eyes of some of them are red and while they are crying, they ask others whether this news is true. They hope to hear even a lie from someone, \uc0{\u8221}No! This is just a silly joke.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I also want someone to say that this is just a ridiculous lie or a foolish joke, but it will not happen. Some of our teachers along with our headmistress are placed like a barrier between us and the classes. They do not allow us to progress further. Their faces are as if a mountain of sadness is weighing on their shoulders, and they are unable to get rid of it. Two of our teachers are crying and addressing us, \uc0{\u8221}We are sorry. We cannot allow you to enter the classes. You must go home.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wish I was asleep and would wake up and say, \uc0{\u8221}Thank God! The dream I had was not real.\uc0{\u8221} But no, I am awake and alert and everything I witness is a reality. Eventually, our headmistress start to speak. I feel that at any moment she might burst into tears.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}We are not allowed to admit students above sixth grade to school. Go to your homes. Be sure that soon you will come back to school and continue your education.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hearing these sentences, some girls cry out that they never leave school and want to study. Others just sob and hope it is a nightmare and wait for a miracle. I am still in shock. I cannot believe this is all true. I have never faced such a bitter reality in my life. I think about my friends, my teachers, and school. I think about my dream of becoming a doctor, which will remain a dream. I am so absorbed in this commotion that I do not even notice the hot tears that are flowing from my eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Close the door and do not let anyone in,\uc0{\u8221} our headmistress addresses our teachers. There are more girls gather outside than inside the school. I am sure all of them are in the same confusion as we are. When the headmistress sees that none of us want to leave the school, she is forced to use violence. No, I do not blame her. She is not guilty of our fate. She turns to the teachers and says, \uc0{\u8221}Take them out of the school.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our teachers obey her order with an innocent look at us that is more like an apology. The doorkeeper opens the door, and our teachers guide us out of the school while tears are flowing from their eyes. I hear the voice of some of my teachers saying, \uc0{\u8221}We are sorry. We have no choice.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It must be very difficult for our teachers to get us out of the school. They taught us all these years; taught us to read and write. But now they have to drive us away and say that they cannot teach us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8204} I leave school with a world of sadness weighing on my shoulders and taking away my ability to walk. The doorkeeper of our school closes the gate while his eyes are filled with tears. The school\uc0{\u8217}s gate is closed on us. Me and the other girls are all crying in the back of school, in the street. I look at the school. I remember our class with that blackboard and my books. All these are gone. I cannot go back to those days. I feel so bad. I feel someone is crushing my heart. Neither my eyes can believe what they have seen nor my ears can believe what they have heard. How easily they destroyed all our dreams and our future.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We all wait for a few seconds for the door that was closed on us to be opened again, but it is useless. Everything is over. Little by little, the girls walk back to their homes with sad faces and tearful eyes. Should I do the same thing? Should I accept my destiny without any effort and struggle? Who will hear my voice? Who will help me gain my rights? No one, we all are victims of peace in Afghanistan. I want to scream and cry, but I have no strength left. I hear the voice of Marjan who suggests going. What can be done except pass this bitter truth so that might decrease its pain and suffering? We leave here hand in hand while leaning on each other to use our remaining strength to reach home. We bury all our dreams behind the closed door of the school and start walking painfully.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}