{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy23\hr09\min09\sec30}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy23\hr09\min09\sec30}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We lived in the village of Gorwai, a scattered landscape of houses and huts featuring anthill grass-thatched roofs. One winter season, our home stood bare after a wildfire consumed the undergrowth of the surrounding scrub bushes, leaving behind mats of entangled, burnt grass. In the distance surrounding our homestead, a row of woody and thorny acacia trees reached skyward, untouched by the bush axes. Where the sun sets, in front of our home, was our desert date tree bordering the wild and our dwelling. It leaned low, its bark rough and furrowed like my grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s sagging, wrinkling skin. Its few remaining leaves were scruffy and scorched by the fire, soon, to be plucked by the swift winter winds.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There, fallen under the trees, in the pile of ash, lay the nests of the hamerkop and raven. They were only half-burned, as the birds had constructed them with green leaves. in the haft-burnt nests were hollow eggshells, remnants of the giant hamerkop\uc0{\u8217}s lost. Once beautiful eggs it had nursed in autumn before the wildfire reduced its house to a mere white spot on the tree. Usually, before the winter season, our family would hear the hammerkop\uc0{\u8217}s nocturnal battles with parrots seeking to take over its nest.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I never liked the roaring wildfires that displaced the birds from their homes, aggressively consuming helpless grasses, trees, and shrubs before they had the chance to sprout. In the spring of that season, I planted three tamarind trees beyond our backyard garden. I chose that place because I was afraid my mother, the chief gardener, might mistake them for weeds and pull them out. Amid lush greenery, they bloomed in the rainy autumn and surpassed my height as winter approached. Watching them grow filled my heart with joy\uc0{\u8212}the joy of nurturing something on my own. But that ferocious wildfire burned my tamarind trees to charred ash. I cried. My father found me and told me it was nonsense to cry over trees. \uc0{\u8220}People cry when the fire burns their homes,\uc0{\u8221} he said, \uc0{\u8220}or when the elephants eat their sorghum fields or a lion eats their cattle or their nets fail to catch fish.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In my childhood world, there was a part of me who loved an open bush, a plain one below my height. I wished it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t cleared by fire or axes violently chopping into trees that groaned until they collapsed in agony. I loved those plains that didn\uc0{\u8217}t bear marks of lost growth or lost life. I grudged the fire that disturbed the wild, yet as the winter transitioned to summer, my happiness came back when the vegetations flourished, swaying so green in the temperate weather. I knew it was time to roam the bush freely, collecting falling acacia gum trees for food and empty snail shells to fashion into cows, as the drying mud we used to mold our cattle and the huts dwindled.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the vast winter landscape, I visited my grandmother more often. She lived a few miles to the west, where the sun sets. In the autumn, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t visit her alone. Tall grasses heavy with morning dew obstructed my movement, and many snakes lurked, posing a threat to barefooted people like me. It was in that recent autumn season that a snake bit me. I was playing behind the wooden compound near our home\uc0{\u8217}s entrance when I felt a pang of pain after I stretched my leg to touch the wood. I saw the snake and screamed. My sister, Nyabuok saw it too and threw stones that missed the it. Frightened, it slithered into the bushes. They said the green snake only killed blacksmiths, but my mother reassured me I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t a blacksmith.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother called upon an elderly grandmother from our village, her back brittle and crooked with age. With some difficulty, she bent over my leg, spat on it, and declared, \uc0{\u8220}You are healed.\uc0{\u8221} And I was healed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However to visit my mother, there was one problem crossing the Green Plain neighborhood of Gorwai in winter. The cow calves, let loose into the clearer area near her house, always chased me as if I were a creditor, their mother, or a long-lost, black, two-legged calf. So, if I wanted to see my grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s home, I had to do so in the morning before the calves were untethered to the grazing fields.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Just a short distance from my grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s home was my grandaunt Nyakuich\uc0{\u8217}s home. She was my grandfather\uc0{\u8217}s sister. I loved visiting her too. She was a storyteller, and many of the stories we used for our evening storytelling sessions were borrowed from her. However, since the beginning of Spring that year, she had become a different person. It all began one evening when smoke, accompanied by a towering flame, rose into the sky from her home. My mother rushed there to see for herself and returned with shocking news. The entire village was appalled by what had happened.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My grandaunt had thrown everything from her birth into the fire. She had been persuaded by her children, especially one of her youngest sons, and many grandchildren who had joined a new religion. This new religion, marked by drum beats had been awakening the village, sought to replace the evening dances with church choir singing and uproot our people from their traditions. Nyakuich discarded everything from her tradition into the fire, including the beads she had worn for dancing when she was young, the god-associated leopard skin mat that her late husband used to sit on, the beads around her neck, and the traditional bangles fashioned from the elephant tusks on her wrists. She even removed the bundle of godlike grass diety lodged in front of her home, believing it was all demonic. Struggling with asthma, she was convinced that this new way would cure her.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I went there during my traveling season, she no longer told me the stories I loved; rather, she spoke of her newfound beliefs. She urged me to join her children in sleeping in the church and spending nights singing. She insisted that we abandon our old ways of sinning so that we may be saved, embracing a new way to heaven where people live for eternity. Yet, the world we were born into was dominated by our culture. The stories we absorbed and the events that unfolded were the essence of our existence. The two cultures had locked horns, and in the seasons that followed, my elder brother also joined the church. One morning, my brother and I went to the church dressed in nothing, and I sat bare on a soil heap in front of the singing squad. In the days that followed, I went alone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One winter morning when I was four years old, we were to be left home alone. Nyamile, my youngest sibling, was just a year old, and Nyabuok, who was six, was to look after us. Our parents and two elder siblings went to our second home, which belonged to my father\uc0{\u8217}s youngest wife, to thresh and winnow sorghum. Sometimes my eldest siblings, Nyawichtuong and Manyuon stayed home. Nyawichtuong, the eldest, would cook for us, while Manyuon, who came right after her, loitered or did nothing when the adults were away. Sometimes he found purpose in his emerging masculinity and took on a bossy role, ordering Nyawichtuong to fetch firewood, prepare our meals, or milk our only cow, which was kept in a distant hut.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That day, the workload was especially heavy. Manyuon, whose muscles were beginning to show, was to beat the hell out of the sorghum heads with a heavy wooden log, so our parents couldn\uc0{\u8217}t leave him at home. While winnowing and threshing were typically everyone\uc0{\u8217}s work, men had declared winnowing to be for women, as they considered it lighter work, despite its long-standing hours.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Before they left, our mother, Nya\uc0{\u8217}maet, reminded Nyabuok to keep a close eye on the sorghum malt drying in the backyard. Since the winter wildfires had cleared the area, it was now the time when the village goats roamed freely around the village. With the trees in their usual grazing spots burned down, the goats marched like soldiers from house to house searching for whatever they could eat, including our sorghum malt.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The last time the goats arrived without warning, they ate our sorghum malt, leaving nothing but a bare mat with scathing dry grains. Our mother was furious and threatened to cane us to death if she had to. Acting on her annoyance, our father punished us severely, beating us as if we were the goats ourselves. Our mother rarely beat us, and when she did, she used maize leaves, sorghum leaves, or grass, never bundling them into a harsher implement. In contrast, our father beat us with a tree branch or a twined rope as if he needed our bones to break, or our spirits to leave our bodies.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After our family left, Nyabuok and I followed the waning morning shade into our compound. Apart from escaping the increasing heat, we wanted shelter from the clouds of black ash blowing across the open fields. Nyabuok had been instructed to roll up the mat spread with sorghum malt if the wind blew stronger, even if it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t dry.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Gatluoch,\uc0{\u8221} Nyabuok said standing up, \uc0{\u8220}let\uc0{\u8217}s cover Mama\uc0{\u8217}s sorghum. It is dried now.\uc0{\u8221} Nyabuok was taller than me, with our mother\uc0{\u8217}s dark honey-colored and our father\uc0{\u8217}s squinting eyes. The winter had dried her skin so much she looked like a burnt mushroom. She gazed around as she waited for me to accompany her to the backyard.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Gatluoy, Gatluoy! Stand, brother! Stand! See what is coming!\uc0{\u8221} she yelled, her voice filled with horror as she stared through the gaps between the planks in the direction our family had left.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I stood up and stretched myself on my toes. \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t see a thing, sister,\uc0{\u8221} I said. Nyabuok\uc0{\u8217}s face was glued in the same direction, frighteningly intense.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She stooped down, and I jumped onto her back as she threw me up. \uc0{\u8220}See! Can you see it, or are you blind?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, yes, I see it now! A hyena! It\uc0{\u8217}s a hyena, sister, let\uc0{\u8217}s hide!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Are you stupid? Are hyenas white?\uc0{\u8221} she reprimanded and threw me down. I landed like a lizard from a tree and then sprung to my feet again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A man came into view. At my height, I could see him growing bigger as he approached. He reached our backyard garden riding something we had never seen before\uc0{\u8212}a wooden cow, we thought. His legs moved rhythmically, pedaling from side to side, while his hands clutched what seemed to be two horns that steered the direction. The uneven, narrow footpath made it seem as if he was dancing. As he drew closer, we realized he was wearing a white caftan.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Eh, eh, eh, this is god! This is God coming!\uc0{\u8221} shouted Nyabuok. \uc0{\u8220}They said God is white!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She grabbed my hand, and we dashed into the house. Nyabuok quickly secured the door the way our mother would: by spreading our twined grass door and horizontally interposing two logs between the entrance posts and the wall to tighten the door.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The commotion had awoken two-year-old Nyamile, who was screaming in the dark. I went to soothe her back to sleep, but she could\uc0{\u8217}t stop crying. Meanwhile, Nyabuok held down the door while peering through the corners to keep an eye on the God outside. Nyamile was destroying our house from within, and we were felt overwhelmed. I thought of removing the a piece of cloth tucked into the circular window to seal Nyamile\uc0{\u8217}s mouth.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Chieng\uc0{\u8217}gai, Chieng\uc0{\u8217}gai,\uc0{\u8221} called the God-like man\uc0{\u8212}was calling us with our family name. He stepped off his moving cow, leaned it against our wooden fence, and began meandering around the area where we had just been playing with our mud dolls.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Nyawichtuong, are you at home? Manyuon, Nyabuok, Gatluoch,\uc0{\u8221} he called out our first names. \uc0{\u8220}These stupid children closed up the home and left the child crying,\uc0{\u8221} he said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nyamile finally fell asleep again, so I joined Nyabuok. The man stood at the entrance of our compound, tall and huge with a bulging belly. A pregnant man, I thought. I knew my sister was thinking he was a pregnant god. Then he stepped onto the plated seat of his wooden cow, pushed himself forward, and drove in a caterpillar motion to the west, down the road past our grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s home. I wondered for a moment if he was going to meet our grandaunt. Would they go to heaven together? I could not tell.}}\par
\sect
}