{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy11\hr16\min36\sec07}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy11\hr16\min36\sec07}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My husband and I have two amazing sons together. The reason I married my husband was that I could be able to go back to school. I was born an intelligent child but I was unable to go further with my education because my father took advantage of the patrilineal and matrilineal marriage system as an escape-goat from his responsibilities towards his children.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My father used to tell us to seek support from our uncles since he knew we had not disconnected with my mom\uc0{\u8217}s family. It was painful watching all my elder siblings failing to further with education due to school fees and other needs. My mother only managed to pay for our fee until Malawi Secondary Certificate of Examination with difficulty.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In my first Malawi Secondary Certificate of Examination attempt, I did not do well simply because I used to miss classes most of the times due to school fees. That seemed to be the end of my education journey after getting bad points. It was a bitter pill to swallow by that time. Consequently, I started thinking about getting married in order to have someone giving me my needs specially to pay me school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I met my husband, we started dating and I pushed for marriage because I did not want to waste more years on top of the above wasted years the time I was at my mother\uc0{\u8217}s place. We got married and after I gave birth to our first son, I told him I wanted to start school from form three again. He supported the idea without knowing that was the main reason why I married him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I married him, my goal was education and not love, however, love happened along the way. I started growing feelings for him until I became connected to him so deeply. He is a good man and has always have been there and providing me and our children. He married me when I was young but he has always been a great support in my journey. The best part is that am now a graduate, he supported my education just like a father can do to his child.}}\par
\sect
}