{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy09\hr11\min26\sec20}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy09\hr11\min26\sec20}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 no one ever prepared me for this, no one ever said it would hurt this much. I fell in love with him, not just for his looks or his body, I fell in love with his voice and his laugh, I fell in love with the way he held me and made me forget my worries, with the way he made my heart skip.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I saw a forever in his eyes, maybe I just ignored the red flags that were right Infront of me because I was too desperate to experience a love that I had so longed for from my father. I gave him a position that would ruin me if he ever broke my trust which he did.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I fell for the bare minimal without realizing it was the bare minimal. in my defense I had never had flowers given to me , nor had I had someone tell me I was beautiful and that my dark skin was the most beautiful shade they had ever seen, thinking about it right now makes me cringe but at that time Chris was the only man who had respected me enough to wait and never pressure me into anything sexual, maybe that was because he was over fifteen years older than me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I know I know you might be thinking fifteen years older, I am not sure if it a mental disorder but growing up without a father and experiencing rape and abuse made me seek for men who were older and bigger than I was because it sort of gave me the sense of protection and fatherhood that i never had before.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 anyways Chris was my knight in shining armor before he became my pain and grief. I cannot quite remember what he did that got me so hooked, but he never took me out for dinners, nor did he call often as a boyfriend should but the fact that he showed that tiny interest in me made me feel like I was the most loved girl in the world.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 one morning, I got photos of him, and another older woman send to me, my stomach hurt at the sight of it, I trembled because I did not want to have the thoughts that ran through my mind, mind you we had never taken photos together but here he was standing with another woman holding her waist in public. God knows how many times I texted and deleted the messages I had wanted to send to him, I was scared of losing him, my world revolved around this man, my mood depended on how he treated me that day but most of all I was scared that he would never choose me if I confronted him about the woman in the photo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 [ hey Chris, I saw a photo of you and some woman, who is she and how comes you took photos with her and not me, do you love her, are you in a relationship with her,] deleted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 [you lied to me, how could you, you said you loved m and would never hurt me but look at what you are doing, I hate you so much] deleted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 [hey Chris, did I do something wrong, please love me, I can\uc0{\u8217}t live without you, please I beg you, I will change into whatever you desire, please don\uc0{\u8217}t leave me, I love you more than life itself] sent.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 that night I cried so bad, why did it hurt this much, the thought of him with someone else, doing the things that I had begged him to do with me while effortlessly did with another. my world was trembling down and all I could do was cry myself to sleep.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 in the morning I saw a text from him, before I opened my heart was racing so fast like I had just run a marathon, I took a deep breath and opened the text, my subconscious somehow told me it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t a good message before I even read the text.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 [hello Phiona, yes, I love her, and she is my girlfriend] those words broke me, I could not reply, I kept reading and replaying those words in my head for days, while my brain kept telling me that I was incapable of being love and that no one would ever love me, why would someone love a nobody, I could not deal with the pain and somehow found myself cutting,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 it was a quick fix for the pain that I felt deep down, the more I cut my flesh it would buy me time not to feel the heartache that I was feeling. I prayed to God every night to take away the pain that I was feeling, I did not want to cut myself anymore , I knew it was wrong but it was the only fix I had at the time, I did not know what else to do nor did I have anyone to talk to, days turned to weeks and to months, my brain still kept playing a number on me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I called the one person I thought I would never call, the only boy who loved me so much he became my brother by choice, I remember calling and just bursting into tears and he kept on saying, let it all out, breathe Moseka, breathe, whatever it is it will be alright,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 [Eric, how do I get over an attachment I have with someone, I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to love him anymore, I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to feel pain anymore,] I cried to him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 [oh child, I\uc0{\u8217}m so sorry that you are going through this, can I come see you, where are you,] he asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 [ I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to see anyone; I just need to get him out of my system] I replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 [hey it\uc0{\u8217}s okay ,ask yourself why you are attached to him, a lot of times it\uc0{\u8217}s because yourself worth and your worthiness is rooted in his approval, his validation, it\uc0{\u8217}s more like you needed to be with him or have a relationship with him because he makes you feel whole, and I know you moseka dearest, if somebody makes you feel whole , the moment you don\uc0{\u8217}t have that thing you will feel less whole, so realizing why you have an affinity for him or why you are attached to him, that will show you what parts of you you actually need to fix, so if I need you to make me happy that actually tells you that I am unhappy on my own because the moment that I depend on you now I have become a slave to you because if you are gone now I\uc0{\u8217}m unhappy do you understand moseka,, so now you have to figure out why you are unhappy and once you have reconciled that, that\uc0{\u8217}s when you won\uc0{\u8217}t have an attachment to him and then you can have a healthy relationship with him even if it\uc0{\u8217}s just as friends and most importantly Forgie him and let go, learn to love yourself more, and always remember I am here each and every day] he said to me}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 those words hit home, I knew the exact answers to this and now I had to accept it all and let go. it was never easy, but each and every day I forgave him each time I remembered the pain, and to this day as I write this, I forgave him, it\uc0{\u8217}s always going to hurt but I forgive him.}}\par
\sect
}