{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo08\dy10\hr14\min50\sec52}{\revtim \yr2022\mo08\dy10\hr14\min50\sec52}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s not a bad thing to lose words, but what if you don\uc0{\u8217}t know them yet? He layed stretched out in the grass, his chin resting on his hands. He saw a landscape full of moss and water, dense entanglements of willows and grass stalks, an embankment from which fiberglass cables erupted and he heard birds and after that he heard nothing at all. He winked at the nurses and ski jumpers who silently supported the invisible economy of the spectacle, and then turned his gaze back in front of him. The beeping of a truck driving backwards. The closing of a door. The rattling of air bubbles in the radiator. He didn\uc0{\u8217}t have much free time, but for the mourning ritual he always made an exception. The mechanism was as simple as it was irreversible: you temporarily forget that you are someone who could move from a to b, someone who could usher in the new year by skiing down hills and jumping from ramps, someone who with a receptive kind of courage who would always respond to missed calls, in short, someone to whom life simply befalls. The sun started to shine, guests were coming. He sincerely hoped he would succeed \uc0{\u8211} for if he did not succeed, or not completely, the blame would not return to those to whom it belonged, but would fade away and disappear into nothingness forever. The disaster would be incalculable. Out of politeness, he sat upright in bed, turned around and looked behind him inquisitively. Of course he was not looking for anyone: he simply wanted to show his face. He was proud. He took pictures and uploaded them, into the stream. Some he kept to himself.}}\par
\sect
}