{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy10\hr09\min52\sec08}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy10\hr09\min52\sec08}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Guilty}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was torn apart from dawn}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Cold from the shackles of loneliness}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The morning dew clinging on to the dust embracing my happiness box.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Acting as raw material for ice to further freeze my soul}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had lost the key.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was torn from head to toe.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Every part of me had been shocked, numb, without even a traceable exit wound.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A home once full of life and light now had eternal load shedding .}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And yet I was still too young.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But old enough to not want to try again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I blame Aquarius.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For letting my feet walk down your path.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And making the coincidence a potential path to destiny.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I experienced you, and for the first time in a while, the sky became the limit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Setting my eyes on you got you arrested, I wanted you in.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You were guilty.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Guilty for bringing the morning sun to my life where all I knew was darkness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Guilty for bringing warmth to my desolate soul that was frozen by the indifference of this world.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Guilty for making me laugh and give my dimples a job they had forgotten how to do.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As if that was not enough, guilty for being you! You were real.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You were guilty of the beautiful things you ever told me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Guilty of a relationship that calmed the turmoil of my mind.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That\uc0{\u8217}s why you had to pay the price, I sentenced you to life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You zoned me in, and pleaded guilty.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And for us, our case was closed.}}\par
\sect
}