{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy19\hr15\min56\sec25}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy19\hr15\min56\sec25}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At ten o\uc0{\u8217}clock in the morning, at a cafe in Mexico City, a table and two empty chairs on outdoor beside street, and a yellow awning casting that made half shadow over the table, waited for hospitality of one or two customers for morning coffee or a late breakfast. It was a weekday, and almost there was no one visible on the street. The cafe waiter, was a teenage boy with a flushed face and an ugly mustard tie over his white shirt, came to the window, looked at the empty table and chairs outside, and, with a weary patience, went back inside the cafe. A fat middle-aged woman with large, sagging breasts and a fabric bag with some lettuce sticking out of it, sat on one of the chairs in front of the cafe for a moment to rest. Before anyone from inside the cafe came out to take her order, she got up and took her way. But you don\uc0{\u8217}t be deceived by the calmness that envelops everything.At ten thirty in the morning, the screech of a dark brown 1970 Cadillac\uc0{\u8217}s brakes stirred up the dust on the cobblestone street in front of the cafe. A middle-aged man with gray hair and beard, exuding a very dignified and cheerful demeanor, stepped out of the car. He wore sunglasses, a green coat, a yellow shirt underneath, and purple pants.He walked slowly towards the table and chairs in front of the cafe. He placed his red leather bag on the table and sat down. He took out his gold pocket watch from his vest pocket and looked at it. The waiter quickly approached and asked, \uc0{\u8220}What can I get you, sir?\uc0{\u8221} Rumi turned his head, looked down the street, and replied: \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m waiting for someone.\uc0{\u8221} Suddenly, a shadow fell on the table from behind, and a man with an attractive voice said, \uc0{\u8220}I kept you waiting,\uc0{\u8221} and sat down opposite him. Hafez, too, was a middle-aged, handsome figure, with big eyes and glasses with big, black frames. He wore a simple gray shirt and worn blue jeans. He took out a silver Zippo lighter and a pack of Winston cigarettes and placed them on the table. Rumi said: \uc0{\u8220}Do you still smoke? \uc0{\u8220}Hafez looked meaningfully at Rumi and said sarcastically: \uc0{\u8220}After all these years, you haven\uc0{\u8217}t changed at all. You still look like a thirty-year-old.\uc0{\u8221}An hour passed, and two men had been sitting at the table in unusual silence without eating or drinking anything. They looked at each other and thought about the past memories they shared and what awaited them.Part One: Ginger and Wild Chives Omelette (Hope or Futility)After an hour, the cafe\uc0{\u8217}s young waiter came to them for the third time and asked: \uc0{\u8220}Do you need anything?\uc0{\u8221} Hafez, who had not smoked a cigarette during this hour, took acigarette from the pack and lit it. Rumi, said: \uc0{\u8220}My son, find something for a hungry lover in your cafe?\uc0{\u8221} The waiter gave the menu to him and said: \uc0{\u8220}We have all kinds except for pork sausage.\uc0{\u8221} After a moment\uc0{\u8217}s pause, Hafez said: \uc0{\u8220}I would definitely prefer a few sips of tequila.\uc0{\u8221}Rumi asked, \uc0{\u8220}What made you finally decide to leave your magnificent home? \uc0{\u8221}Hafez said: \uc0{\u8220}Maybe in search of hopes that finished\uc0{\u8221} Meanwhile, he took the cafe menu from Rumi and began to read. A few moments later, he turned to the waiter and said: \uc0{\u8220}Apparently, you have nothing attractive on your menu for two old chefs.\uc0{\u8221} The waiter shrugged and waited. Hafez said, \uc0{\u8220}Ginger and Wild Chives Omelette.\uc0{\u8221} The waiter waited expectantly and looked at the menu with surprise. Rumi said: \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t look for it. This food is his own creation.\uc0{\u8221} Hafez began to speak:\uc0{\u8220}Every morning when a person opens his eyes to this world, the first thing he sees between his eyelids is hope. Hope is something like ginger. With a pleasantly sharp and undeniable taste. A taste that pervades all other flavors. Well, it is both good and bad. Excessive and futile hope will lead a person down a path full of mistakes and could lead him to ruin. So, I grate a small amount of ginger, about half a finger\uc0{\u8217}s worth. The opposite of hope is futility. This is when no matter where you look, you see darkness. Everything is devoid of meaning and concept. It\uc0{\u8217}s empty inside, like wild chives, which are empty inside. I slice the wild chives into rings sized two fingers wide. When the grated ginger is mixed with the wild chives and beaten eggs, hope and futility blend together with the egg, which is a mixture of body and food for sustaining that body. Here, at a mild temperature, the oil in the pan on the stove sticks together and, with a bit of pink salt and a few drops of grapefruit juice sprinkled on it, it is placed on a plate. Next to the omelette on the plate, it is garnished with a few slices of pickled cucumber, a handful of fresh pistachios, two cherry tomatoes, two mint leaves, a small spoonful of mango sauce, and two small slices of brown cheese, and served with a cup of coffee and a slice of toast.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8220}Well, my son, if you have any hope of becoming a chef, go into the kitchen and try to prepare this for us.\uc0{\u8221} Hafez said to the waiter\uc0{\u8217}s son, who had been attracted in his speech. The young waiter, now more amazed, he stood silently and watching two strange and good-looking men.End of Part One.}}\par
\sect
}