{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy15\hr09\min02\sec29}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy15\hr09\min02\sec29}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I believed that everything that happens in life happens for a reason the time I discovered that that my mother was alive yet I grew up knowing that she was dead. I was raised by my grandmother and never saw my mother until I reached 15 years old. I was born and raised in Malawi but I never smelled my mother the time I was growing up. My mother left me when I was 2 years old due to hardships that she was passing through. My father impregnated her but never decided to marry her. My mother lost her mind but she never thought of getting rid of me even if she was not in her actual sense due to being disappointed by my father.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After giving birth to me, life was not easy for my mother and she decided to leave me with my grandmother while I was still 2 years and went to South Africa. This was her first time to go their but she decided to go since her friends who were there told her that life is not tough and jobs are easy to find. She cried a lot the day she took her bus to South Africa. She asked my grandmother that I should never be told where she is until she comes to apologies herself to me and explain what happened for her to take such a tough decision.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I grew up knowing that my grandmother was also my mother since I had not seen my mother. Whenever I could ask her where my mother was, she could tell me that she also do not know. I will never forget a day when a strange woman showed up at our home in the evening and asked me where my grandmother was. I was shocked since there was no way a stranger would come straight to me and ask me where my grand mother was. I run inside the house and called my grandmother that there was someone outside looking for her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When my grandmother cam out, she shed tears of joy and hugged my mother. I was so shocked to see that kind of action. My grandmother welcome her inside and gave her a sit. I was surprised that my mother started crying after I entered in the house. While crying, she asked told my grandmother that I look like my father but she is failing to hold her tears because she is feeling bad that she never got a chance to share her love to me. My grandmother told me that now it is time that I meet my biological mother. I was so shocked and never believed what my eyes were seeing. I went straight and hugged her for five good minutes while crying tears of joy. I was super excited to meet my mother unexpectedly.}}\par
\sect
}