{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy16\hr19\min37\sec56}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy16\hr19\min37\sec56}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 7\uc0{\u160}January 2023, Tehran, Aminabad, Razi mental hospitalDay\uc0{\u8217}s come and go one after another we had some meetings with Dr. Sagzi to help us recover so we could discharged. Sometimes I felt like I\uc0{\u8217}m a tiny man at the\uc0{\u160}bottom of a bottle and nobody hear that I\uc0{\u8217}m calling for help.We couldn\uc0{\u8217}t visit Dr. Sagzi that day. Actually first time we met him two weeks later. I was disappointed and confused. Also I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t understand Maryam\uc0{\u8217}s personality, should I count on her as friend or what? She is always so kind although she never answered our questions clearly. First time we\uc0{\u8217}ve gone to doctor\uc0{\u8217}s office when he was still visiting Reza. Dr. Sagzi\uc0{\u8217}s office was smell like formaldehyde more than everywhere else. I had that question\uc0{\u160}why there was smell like formaldehyde and fish?\uc0{\u160}Behind his desk was a window hardly shaded. If he wasn\uc0{\u8217}t shaded his room that hard you could see birds ascend and fall outside. At the left side was a bookshelf with different books. I remember (the Feast of\uc0{\u160}the Goat) and (the Baboon whose Buffoon was dead) there. Doctor was so talkie person, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t remember all of his talks but I sure he repeated his talks so many times. When Dr. Sagzi saw us coming he said \uc0{\u8221}I think we\uc0{\u8217}re done as your friends joining us here.\uc0{\u8221}Dr. Sagzi looked at\uc0{\u160}us one by one. He asked Hamid \uc0{\u8221}Why you closed your eyes?\uc0{\u8221}Hamid did not answered. Then Dr. Sagzi shouted \uc0{\u8220}I told you thousand times just send patients to me when their cured, not when they are not cured. Who brought this patient to my office?\uc0{\u8221}But Maryam wasn\uc0{\u8217}t stand there. She ran away long time ago. I said \uc0{\u8220}He is my husband. He could speak but he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t do it so well.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}In here we don\uc0{\u8217}t have such things as so well or oftenly or etc. We have recovered or cured patients and not\uc0{\u160}cured patients. Take him outside now.\uc0{\u8221} Doctor said angrily.I begged to him \uc0{\u8220}Please Doctor I can complete his information\uc0{\u8217}s.\uc0{\u8221}Javaad held Hamid\uc0{\u8217}s arm and told to doctor \uc0{\u8221}Please Doctor, give us some space. Some of your colleagues told us that it may help\uc0{\u160}him.\uc0{\u8221} Then whispered to Hamid \uc0{\u8221}Tell something.\uc0{\u8221}Dr. Sagzi\uc0{\u8217}s face turned red like it was going to blow while he was saying \uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know some of my colleagues are cow or colleague. If they understand better than me, they could come and sit here and do my work. I\uc0{\u8217}ll be so glad to let them do all this work. But forget about it, what\uc0{\u160}your name is?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}I am mohammadJavaad Zarei.\uc0{\u8221} Javaad said while it was scratching his chin. So Dr. Sagzi told him\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220}Do you have doubts? What\uc0{\u8217}s your father name?\uc0{\u8221}Javaad grinned and\uc0{\u160}said \uc0{\u8221}You\uc0{\u8217}re funny Doc. My father\uc0{\u8217}s\uc0{\u160}name is Hassan.\uc0{\u8221}Dr. Sagzi eyebrows went up and said \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m serious, How old are you?\uc0{\u8221}Javaad grinned again and said\uc0{\u8221} I really have some doubts about this one. I think it\uc0{\u8217}s something round Forty four.\uc0{\u8221}Dr. Sagzi looked at\uc0{\u160}his watch while he was saying \uc0{\u8221}Becareful. What\uc0{\u8217}s the reason brought you to this place?\uc0{\u8221}Javaad shrugged \uc0{\u8221}We were playing red book\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}Dr. Sagzi didn\uc0{\u8217}t let Javaad finish\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t say that. It\uc0{\u8217}s illegal. It can make you end up in jail. Are you married?\uc0{\u8221}Doctor\uc0{\u8217}s office had two big white lamps. The light was so sharp so I started feeling dizzy. I want to sit but\uc0{\u160}doctor told me \uc0{\u8221}Who let you to sit?\uc0{\u160}Stand up. Javaad answered doctor \uc0{\u8221}fortunately no.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}Then he looked at me and giggled.Dr.\uc0{\u160}Sagzi bite his lips and said \uc0{\u8221}This is the thing you must have doubt about. You\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}Javaad was like a person who remembered the most important issue of\uc0{\u160}his\uc0{\u160}life \uc0{\u8221}Can I have\uc0{\u160}a phone call?\uc0{\u8221}This time Dr. Sagzi grinned at Javaad \uc0{\u8221}Not now. You must do something for yourself. Soonly you became a lonely lonely lonely man. I feel so sorry for people like you.\uc0{\u8221}At that moment an old janitor came in from the back door l. He brought a cup of tea and put that for doctor and\uc0{\u160}gone. The\uc0{\u160}old janitor wore a white dirty ragged shirt and he had\uc0{\u160}sandals. When\uc0{\u160}he\uc0{\u160}walk it was making an awful pspsps sound. He was heavy and fat like a humpback whale. If you had that frequency you could hear his lonely singing. Dr. Sagzi started to drink\uc0{\u160}his tea with so much noise. Javaad whispered to us \uc0{\u8221}look he didn\uc0{\u8217}t even did a little taarof.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After Dr. Sagzi finish his tea he looked at Hamid and said\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8221}Hey what about you? I don\uc0{\u8217}t give you 3rd chance?\uc0{\u8221}Hamid covered his face with his hands \uc0{\u8220}I know you calling me. I\uc0{\u8217}m so stupid. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t answer you.\uc0{\u8221}Dr. Sagzi dropepd his pen on desk \uc0{\u8221}What is your name Mr. So Stupid?\uc0{\u8221}Hamid didn\uc0{\u8217}t answer so Javaad pinched him then he said with trembled voice \uc0{\u8221}I think I can introduce myself as Hamid Gharaguzlu like old days.\uc0{\u8221}Dr. Sagzi stand up while he was saying \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re definitely\uc0{\u160}not cured. You even couldn\uc0{\u8217}t identify yourself and I will fire the one take this ill person to my office. What\uc0{\u8217}s your name Mrs?\uc0{\u8221} He asked me.\uc0{\u160}I scared of him. I scared as if he thought I have doubts about my identity too so\uc0{\u160}I tried to be firm \uc0{\u8221}My name is Farnaz Keyhani.\uc0{\u8221}Reza turned around and looked in my eyes but Dr. Sagzi even didn\uc0{\u8217}t looked at me like he looked at Javaad and Hamid \uc0{\u8221}How old are you?\uc0{\u8221} He asked, I answered quickly \uc0{\u8221}forty one.\uc0{\u8221}Dr. Sagzi was writing so quickly. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t understand how he\uc0{\u160}could do writing and speaking together. Next question asked quickly like\uc0{\u160}he\uc0{\u160}was shooting with a machine gun \uc0{\u8221}How many kids do you have?\uc0{\u8221} I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t stay firm more I answered with lack of confidence \uc0{\u8221}Nothing.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}Why not?\uc0{\u8221} He shoots the next bullet.I thought\uc0{\u160}a\uc0{\u160}little then I said desperately \uc0{\u8221}We don\uc0{\u8217}t want yet.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}When you want to decide to make some? It\uc0{\u8217}s going to be late.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}Finally\uc0{\u160}Dr. Sagzi looked at me carefully, I felt ashamed by the way his looking at me.\uc0{\u160}I was angry of his rudeness but I scared\uc0{\u160}of him. Dr. Sagzi was gazed at me and he starts to shake his head. He asked me \uc0{\u8221}Your father\uc0{\u8217}s name?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}MohammdEsmail Keyhani\uc0{\u8221}Dr. Sagzi picked up his machine gun again \uc0{\u8221}Id card code?\uc0{\u8221} And I started to answer as quick\uc0{\u160}as he ask so I could get rid of him \uc0{\u8221}00321970670\uc0{\u8221} I didn\uc0{\u8217}t even thought that was my correct Id code. I don\uc0{\u8217}t care, nighter\uc0{\u160}doctor\uc0{\u160}didn\uc0{\u8217}t care. He shoots at me again and again \uc0{\u8221}Your husband\uc0{\u8217}s name?\uc0{\u8221}I looked at Hamid \uc0{\u8221}Hamid Gharaguzlu.\uc0{\u8221} If my answers had sound it was definitely sound of being\uc0{\u160}hited by bullets. His next shoot was \uc0{\u8221}The reason brought you to this place?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8220}Because of that game.\uc0{\u8221}Dr. Sagzi sighs loudly \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m surprised of this fact that you people don\uc0{\u8217}t stop playing stupid game\uc0{\u8217}s\uc0{\u160}even\uc0{\u160}at this age. Take your seats and you better remember that you must tell your relatives -if you have some- to bring a copy of your National smart ID card and your birth certificate and you\uc0{\u8217}re marriage papers for discharge day.\uc0{\u8221}Javaad laughed loudly while he was saying \uc0{\u8221}I remember government didn\uc0{\u8217}t sent\uc0{\u160}my ID card after three years. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know they could send it yet or no\uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know why, but I was so happy that he finally let us seat. I take the seat next to Reza as always. Reza didn\uc0{\u8217}t look at us to say hello or something but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t resist to hug\uc0{\u160}him. He was cold like a dead man Dr. Sagzi shouted\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220}Hooooooy. What are you doing? Won\uc0{\u8217}t you understand what is mahram*? What is namahram**?\uc0{\u8221}I answered \uc0{\u8221}Sorry but this man is like a brother to me. And it\uc0{\u8217}s a long time we didn\uc0{\u8217}t see each other.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}Don\uc0{\u8217}t tell\uc0{\u160}me this intellectual bullshits\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} Dr. Sagzi continued grumbling. If there isn\uc0{\u8217}t such distance between citizens of the earth you could understand by less description. Oh dear lord Description. I miss you all the time. I wish I had you here as you were telling us always \uc0{\u8221}I will be with you everywhere you are.\uc0{\u8221} I want to explain that Dr. Sagzi exactly used word \uc0{\u8216}intellectual\uc0{\u8217} but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t translate his speaking in Farsi with his pristine Balochis accent while he using so many loaned words. He use so many English words in his talks as sometimes everybody need a translator to understand what he is saying. He was still grumbling. \uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8230}We\uc0{\u8217}re Muslim. We couldn\uc0{\u8217}t live like animals. Kermani I\uc0{\u8217}m done with you here. You should go back to your room.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}But you didn\uc0{\u8217}t gave\uc0{\u160}me my medicine. \uc0{\u8221}Reza\uc0{\u8217}s voice was strong and beautiful as always, although he was begging.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dr. Sagzi said with a vicious smile on his face \uc0{\u8221}look. I want to be honest with you. We are at a crossroad. I can make the way to ending or I can trap you in a Kafka world, which one do you interested in?\uc0{\u8221}Reza put his hands on his forehead \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re saying we are free to choose but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t feel the freedom.\uc0{\u8221}Dr. Sagzi punched on his desk \uc0{\u8221}How many times I have to say? It\uc0{\u8217}s so simple. You can sign this papers, take your pills and walk away and you can choose to not take your pills.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m in pain I need those pills.\uc0{\u8221} Reza said desperately.Dr. Sagzi was looke more vicious \uc0{\u8221}So sign here.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}I want to read it first.\uc0{\u8221}Dr. Sagzi dropped some papers on his desk \uc0{\u8221}Here you go.\uc0{\u8221} and Reza take papers with his long hands. He didn\uc0{\u8217}t bother himself to stand up. Reza looking at those papers closely then he said \uc0{\u8220}I need my glasses.\uc0{\u8221}Dr. Sagzi shrugged \uc0{\u8221}You don\uc0{\u8217}t need them man. You never wear glasses before.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u160}can\uc0{\u8217}t read it, I need my glasses.\uc0{\u8221} Reza said.Javaad cut off their conversation \uc0{\u8221}He\uc0{\u8217}s right. You never wear glasses bro.\uc0{\u8221}Dr. Sagzi ran his hand on his beard and bite his rosary braid, this biting is his habbit. He said \uc0{\u8220}You see, even your friend know that I\uc0{\u8217}m right.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}Could\uc0{\u160}you read this for me?\uc0{\u8221} Reza hand the papers to Javaad. While Javaad was paging papers and looking at them closely Dr. Sagzi continued \uc0{\u8220}You have to come back to real world. That\uc0{\u8217}s what you all need.\uc0{\u8221}Reza failed in his chair when he was saying \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m not comfortable in real world. Living in that fantasy world was so easier. I\uc0{\u8217}m just a dreamer. Here we have so many borders and sharp lines. Everything has so many details. But there my soul was free to fly and see how useless our life is.\uc0{\u8221}Dr. Sagzi shook his head \uc0{\u8221}Sorry we couldn\uc0{\u8217}t give you medicine anymore.\uc0{\u8221}Javaad looked at Reza surprised \uc0{\u8221}Reza why you need glasses to read this? It\uc0{\u8217}s completely empty. I don\uc0{\u8217}t understand why? But there isn\uc0{\u8217}t anything. Hamid could you open your eyes to read this? I think my eyes\uc0{\u160}have some problems like Reza.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}Your eyes are open. We want you to sign what you see.\uc0{\u8221} Dr. Sagzi said and stood up.Javaad looked puzzled as he said \uc0{\u8221}Why?\uc0{\u8221} I had the same question too but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t ask. Dr. Sagzi answered quickly \uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s a circular.\uc0{\u8221}Reza grinned \uc0{\u8221}I had a roommate named Behnam Mahjoubi. Once he told me that I saw decline of humanity here. Now I understand what he said.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}Go away.\uc0{\u8221} Dr. Sagzi said and start to swang his rosary around his finger.Javaad cut the conversation again. I think\uc0{\u160}he didn\uc0{\u8217}t care about Dr. Sagzi wild look at him or maybe Javaad didn\uc0{\u8217}t paid attention \uc0{\u8221}Sorry to interrupt. But I need to make an emergency call to my mother and tell her where I am.\uc0{\u8221}Dr. Sagzi shrugged \uc0{\u8221}I can\uc0{\u8217}t let you.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}Why?\uc0{\u8221} This time Javaad was desperate.It was like\uc0{\u160}a\uc0{\u160}game of not understanding each other\uc0{\u8217}s desires Dr. Sagzi said \uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t want let you. Tell me,\uc0{\u160}are you satisfy of your life?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}I feel like when someone\uc0{\u8217}s hand come out of grave and grab your foot. I know you may like this image, I feel that hand on my foot and my whole body and even on my kneck.\uc0{\u8221} Javaad\uc0{\u8217}s voice went up and his hand\uc0{\u8217}s was shaking.Dr.\uc0{\u160}Sagzi said with a calm voice \uc0{\u8221}Easy. Take these pills. Come back here next week exactly same time. I hope you get better by next week. You could go and please take this two men with yourself.\uc0{\u8221}Reza was shaking his head when Javaad stood up to take the pills.Javaad said \uc0{\u8221}When I can make a phone call? I need to talk to my mother immediately.\uc0{\u8221}Dr. Sagzi said while he was doing something with his\uc0{\u160}cellphone \uc0{\u8220}You can make your call when you take your pills and I let you. Keyhani I don\uc0{\u8217}t have enough time for you today. You should come back later.\uc0{\u8221}I said \uc0{\u8221}When?\uc0{\u8221}Dr. Sagzi said carelessly \uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know. You have to talk to clerk.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}I need a phone to make a call and tell my mother I\uc0{\u8217}m here.\uc0{\u8221} I could hear Javaad\uc0{\u8217}s grinding teeth sound.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dr. Sagzi didn\uc0{\u8217}t looked at Javaad. He answered while he was using his cellphone phone. \uc0{\u8220}Having phone is illegal here, so as using it.\uc0{\u8221}Javaad shouted \uc0{\u8221}You don\uc0{\u8217}t listen to\uc0{\u160}me, I need to make a phone call to my mother. She is definitely worry about me.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8220}Easy you dump bag of shit. You\uc0{\u8217}re such a Mama\uc0{\u8217}s boy, here is the phone. \uc0{\u8220}Dr. Sagzi dropped his phone on the desk and continued \uc0{\u8220}But your mother died of a broken heart six months ago. Now get out of my office you mad people\uc0{\u8221}There was silence for some moments or should I say for some minutes. Dr. Sagzi left us. We were alone there for a while. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t understand time yet and there was a clock but it didn\uc0{\u8217}t worked. Hamid looked at Javaad and said with a lump in his throat \uc0{\u8220}Why you are like Arthur Meursault when he was stand aside his mother\uc0{\u8217}s coffin?\uc0{\u8221} We were so surprised because of Javaad\uc0{\u8217}s mother, we didn\uc0{\u8217}t pay attention to the fact that at last Hamid opened his eyes. But I\uc0{\u160}felt more comfortable as when Dr. Sagzi wasn\uc0{\u8217}t left us. So I told Javaad cool headed \uc0{\u8221}Javaad I\uc0{\u8217}m so sorry for your loss. Now I understand why Setareh told me that we have to run away of this place at any cost. Once Setareh told me that she had a roommate here, she\uc0{\u8217}s name was Zahra. Zahra was a strong woman. She was so kind, she was worried about everything. And you think how Zahra ended up here? Zahra had her own sad life story. She arrested by police and she was imprisoned because of such stupid thing. This poor women call police every time she saw a suspicious thing. Eight times of ten she reported murders in progress. After a while police appreciate Zahra as a good citizen and gave her a medal and she kept on going. But one of those skeptic officers suspected Zahra. The officer case was something like this \uc0{\u8220}If this woman is always in\uc0{\u160}right place at right time. She\uc0{\u160}should be murderer and they arrested Zahra, she convicted and imprisoned and she sentenced to hang\uc0{\u160}by the kneck. She went crazy easily.Javaad looked at me and said \uc0{\u8221}Let me tell you something, for years and years I want to go to therapist and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t because I don\uc0{\u8217}t have enough money, but always I wanted to go and I wanted to ask why I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t cry like I can laugh? I want to cry but I can\uc0{\u8217}t. I\uc0{\u160}have many many sad things to cry but I can\uc0{\u8217}t.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s late. It\uc0{\u8217}s always late for us.\uc0{\u8221} Reza said.We are still stuck in Razi mental Hospital. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know when we could get out of here. One of last things I remember lord Description told us is that he said\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8221}everybody must tell their story, that\uc0{\u8217}s the only way to keep us alive.\uc0{\u8221} But now what is the right question? At that moment I was thinking about sex more than everything. But also a big piece of my mind fill with so many questions that I was looking for answers. It was late for everything and also it was so early. Should we call this a happy ending?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}