{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy09\hr18\min39\sec17}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy09\hr18\min39\sec17}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Happiness Cut short by Habibi}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A happy and harmonious family is shattered as they discover new cultures that differ from their own. Culture is the unseen glue that holds our people together and determines our particular identities. Culture includes everything from the food we eat to the music we listen to and even our own style. Despite the fact that the world has changed tremendously, culture has remained one of the most fundamental parts of individual identity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Imma is a married woman who has a wonderful husband and children. They brought up their children in a holy manner. The children\uc0{\u8217}s schedule included going to school and coming home to perform housekeeping; no kid was allowed to stay on Sunday; Imma would prepare the children and accompany them to church with her husband. Imma would make sure the youngsters were paying attention to what the preacher was saying in church.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Imma made sure the kids finished their schoolwork before going to bed in the evenings. Imma would make sure that the children attended cultural and custom events so that they would know what culture they belonged to. The family\uc0{\u8217}s favorite ethnic cuisine was to cook both bananas and Irish potatoes together before frying them. Other families adored the family because it was so extraordinary.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After the family migrated to a western nation, things became tense (Australia). Naturally, the family\uc0{\u8217}s standard of living increased once they landed in Australia. All of the family\uc0{\u8217}s fundamental necessities were covered, and the family\uc0{\u8217}s financial situation improved. In comparison to Uganda, the youngsters received the greatest education possible. They meet students of all ethnicities in school, including Chinese, Indians, Arabs, and fellow Africans. It was a fantastic experience. Both Imma and her husband worked, and this became the source of contention in the family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Imma and her husband had different work schedules, and the husband spent more time at home than the woman most of the time. Furthermore, the woman was so preoccupied that the husband had to prepare the children for school and even cook lunch at times. This enraged the husband since, culturally, a wife or woman is expected to cook and prepare the children, exactly as the wife did before they were relocated in Australia. Now, the husband is primarily responsible for performing what his wife is expected to do.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s not that the woman was incorrect, but in most African cultures, the lady tends after the house and the family while the husband seeks money and secures the family\uc0{\u8217}s safety. They are now in a foreign society, a western culture where gender equality is practiced. A man may cook for his family as well. This was difficult for Imma\uc0{\u8217}s husband to comprehend, resulting in a quarrel. The husband began to urge that Imma should resign from her job and stay at home, allowing him to hunt for work to support the family. Imma did not agree with her husband\uc0{\u8217}s beliefs since she preferred to be an independent lady who did not rely on her spouse.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This resulted in a major dispute, to the point that their love and caring began to fade. He began spending evenings outside with different ladies. He had no time for his family or his children. This infuriated Imma, and despite her caution to her husband over the current attitudes, the husband was unconcerned. This prompted Imma to petition for divorce. The divorce was gladly accepted by the husband. Now, Imma, the woman is responsible for the children, while the husband only pays child support. The family that many families adored ended up being a letdown.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}