{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy28\hr14\min49\sec54}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy28\hr14\min49\sec54}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was still processing what I had been told by the traditional healer. Besides the more pressing concern, which was where I was going to get the money for the bull and calf, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe that all my life I had believed a lie. My father had always told me how my grandfather was a liberation war hero. Hell, he was even buried at one of the provincial heroes\uc0{\u8217} acres in the country, as an acknowledgment of his contribution to the liberation struggle. My dad also was a recipient of the funds allocated for the liberation war heroes. But it turns out he was a sell-out, and my current predicament was a result of this careless act. I know it was war, and all is fair in love and war, but killing a kid definitely had its consequences. This avenging spirit had come and changed my life upside down. My wife and kids had left me, and I had also lost my job following my admission into the mental facility.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And about that mental facility, weren\uc0{\u8217}t they looking for us? I looked at Nancy. She was firmly focused on the way ahead, she was probably sleepy now. I kept on staring at her, and then she looked back at me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What?\uc0{\u8221} She asked, trying to force a smile.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Nothing!\uc0{\u8221} I responded clumsily.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What are we going to do about our escape? Will they not be looking for me back there?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Well, they do a roll call, and since you aren\uc0{\u8217}t there, they are definitely looking for you. But that\uc0{\u8217}s the least of our worries right now. What is your plan to get to this boy\uc0{\u8217}s homestead and pay for your ngozi?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I think I will need Bassmore on this. I gave you his contact.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yep, you did.\uc0{\u8221} Nancy slowed down a little bit as she reached for her phone. \uc0{\u8221}Here it is, call him.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Mr. Bassmore, it\uc0{\u8217}s Talent\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} Before I could get into the conversation, he had already cut me off.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Ah, Talent, how can I help? Is everything okay?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Not everything. I need you to come with me to Chendambuya. I might finally put an end to my nagging problem.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Tale\uc0{\u8230} you know how hectic Mondays are at my workplace, but I know this is important to you. Let\uc0{\u8217}s meet at the Royal Club golf course, and we will strategize from there.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I hung up and relayed the message to Nancy, who was now looking really sleepy. It had been a long night for her, and not at once had she complained. And for once after a while, I felt I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t alone. Nancy and now Bassmore had really come through for me. They were essentially family now. Nancy stopped once again at a take-out spot to get some food. We sat in the car for a while, eating. I did not eat much on the other hand. My thoughts were on the journey ahead. Would it be a fruitful one? Or would it be another wild goose chase? I had to cling to this to put an end to this misery. I had heard so many tales on how the ceremonies go and how the grieving family might be not too welcoming or they were going to be difficult.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I met with Bassmore at the agreed spot. \uc0{\u8221}What\uc0{\u8217}s up?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Mdara, that kid is a spiritual vengeance. He was killed by my granddad Muhondo. So we have to go to his homestead in Chendambuya in order to appease his spirit. A bull and a calf are required from his family.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Bassmore gave me that look, I was familiar with that look now, that \uc0{\u8221}are you crazy look?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Where did you hear all this, my guy?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Well, from a spirit medium who\uc0{\u8217}s actually the sister to my therapist in the facility, mental right?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What?\uc0{\u8221} Bassmore exclaimed as he took a pint from under his seat. Man, some people will never change, I thought to myself. How can he be drinking so early in the morning?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}So are we going?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yeah, yes, definitely. It\uc0{\u8217}s just a lot to process, mukoma.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Well, at least we have an hour and something to process it.\uc0{\u8221} I tried to find the bright side to the journey if any. I was hella anxious.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We arrived at a growth point, the rural shopping center. We asked the directions to the chief\uc0{\u8217}s courtyard. We had been informed it\uc0{\u8217}s where these sorts of cases were reported to. I have never been familiar with cultural practices. We were raised in the ghetto in the city, and I had never had this experience.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Bassmore on the other hand, was older and had a strong rural background. He took the lead on all this while I followed behind. He even managed to get the bull and calf \uc0{\u8217}required\uc0{\u8217} for the ceremony. All this from his pocket. I will forever be grateful for what Bassmore did on this day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The chief\uc0{\u8217}s advisor went and summoned the aggrieved family. I was made to make a plea to the family on behalf of my grandfather, as by tradition. Most of the words were recited. I just repeated what the chief\uc0{\u8217}s advisor was saying.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Muzena family, the family the boy came from, accepted our plea as well as the calf and bull accompanying it. They also notified the court that they\uc0{\u8217}ll be holding a ceremony in the coming days to bring back the spirit of Teurai to their home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As they left the court, I saw the boy once again, clearly at first, but the vision started to blur until I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 see him anymore. I hoped it would be the last time!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}