{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy06\hr13\min59\sec34}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy06\hr13\min59\sec34}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Haunting Memories part 3}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was wondering what was Nancy\uc0{\u8217}s plan to get me out of here. What was more intriguing however was, what was her actual plan to solve this problem ? Because I had tried everything to get out of this mess. From this institution, I was in now. I had hopped from church to church, trying to get some divine intervention but it didn\uc0{\u8217}t work out as well.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nancy came in for my session. But she didn\uc0{\u8217}t stay long. \uc0{\u8221}I know you are not like many others in here and you\uc0{\u8217}ll not panic. Tonight when the lights turn off, quickly rush for the door, I will be waiting on the other side and will go.\uc0{\u8221} This plan seemed so porous to me and I had massive doubts about it but I had no other option and had to go with it. I stayed the whole day in my room tucked in my sheets, anxious on what Nancy had in store for me that night.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was around, half past seven in the evening when the lights started flickering before they eventually went shut. Chaos ensued throughout the facility. Patients were running about all over screaming. It then dawned on me that I had never seen the lights going out, at any moment in this institution had I seen lights going out. Even when there was powercuts, the backup solar source would immediately kick in. Nancy knew this, and she trusted I will not lose my shit over the lights going out. This was my cue and I hurriedly made way to the exit as Nancy had instructed. I could see figure from outside & I increased my pace. But as I was by the door I froze, the little boy appeared again crying, but the tears were in the form of blood. \uc0{\u8221}I-I I\uc0{\u8217}m sorry \uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I tried to negotiate with the kid. \uc0{\u8221}Talent! Snap out of it!\uc0{\u8221} Nancy yelled as she gave me a slap my high school Mathematics teacher would be proud of. It worked and she grabbed my arm as we rushed to her car. \uc0{\u8221}Get in here!\uc0{\u8221} as she opened the boot. I quickly obliged the escape was in full motion now..}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I lay in the boot, anxiety started to creep in once again. Where we were off to? And is it really going to be the answer to my problems? Nancy believed so and at this moment she was the only person who gave a fuck about my life. So I was clinging on to that. The car suddenly stopped, I approximated it was after 45 minutes. \uc0{\u8221}I wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t let you in the boot for the rest of the ride, Nancy said in her usual cheerful mood as she let me out. \uc0{\u8221} Well it was rather comfortable here, I sarcastically responded . I quickly rushed to the passenger seat, I had misssed the adrenaline of driving though especially late into the night playing some good old R \uc0{\u8217}n\uc0{\u8217} B . But it was that reckless driving that had brought me to this position. I snapped up from my daydream as Nancy took a sharp turn into a narrow dusty road. I was well traveled or I believed I was, but I could not make sense of this route. As we went on further, I saw a hut in the middle of nowhere. Nancy started to decelerate, she looked at me and said \uc0{\u8221}Please don\uc0{\u8217}t judge me.\uc0{\u8221} My heart started beating faster as we stopped adjacent to the hut. Nancy had taken me to a traditional healer or \uc0{\u8221}prophet\uc0{\u8221}. I was now certain! The only thing which still made me kinda laugh was this beautiful and elegant lady had connects to these healers. The door was littered with red and black cloths. On the ground they two calabashes on display, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t dare to look what was stored inside. Nancy knocked and skinny boy came out, probably 10 on face value. They talked for a bit whispering, I could hardly hear the details of the conversations. Nancy motioned me to get inside.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I did, I could not believe my eyes, I saw a young lady sitting on the traditional grass woven mats. My mother used to have one of those. Her face was covered in black and red you could barely recognise it. Given the sparkle from her eyes you could tell she was so beautiful. She spent a couple of minutes without acknowledging my presence. She seemed in a trance and humming traditional songs. When she initially spoke, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t comprehend what she said.. it was a foreign language. \uc0{\u8221}Well my sister had told about you coming here and I had been already talking to the ancestors way before you came here.\uc0{\u8221} Wait? Sister?? Was this spirit medium actually Nancy\uc0{\u8217}s sister? She continued with her work, casting lots on the floor and taking a long look in one of her calabashes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Talent the boy who has been haunting you was killed by your grandfather in the liberation struggle. Your grandfather was a sell-out working for the Rhodesian army. Since then, his spirit has been seeking closure. The only way to solve this is to go to his home in Chendambuya together with a bull and calf so as to help his family summon his spirit back home and he may be laid to rest properly.You came in very late and I need to rest now, I am sure Nancy is waiting outside. But make sure this will be done in the next 72 hours!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I took my leave, and Nancy was already in the car. I took my seat and she drove off. We went for a while without a single word uttered. \uc0{\u8217}Yes that\uc0{\u8217}s my older sister, \uc0{\u8221}Nancy finally broke the silence. \uc0{\u8221}Our family has this calling where the oldest female child will be a spirit medium when the preceding one dies.My mother worked in that very hut for as much I could remember and I am here now because of her. My sister being the oldest was prepared for this role from a very young age and she seems to be pretty good at it. That boy is her first son and he assists her. So what did she say to you?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Well to Chendambuya now I guess\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}