{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy07\hr10\min23\sec51}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy07\hr10\min23\sec51}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Haunted memories 2}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Guilt might be one of the worst feelings in the world. It eats you up, big time. One hardly focuses on anything. I was in that place, the image of that accident was very much vivid in my mind. Is this the life going to be forever now? My relationship with Bassmore was straining now. Not that we had a falling out but I had completely stopped drinking now and my constant refusal to seek professional help frustrated Bassmore even more. He thought I was going mad. At times I wondered if the actual accident happened in the first place. Because why there was no record of the kid missing, zilch! Nothing ever come out of the daily tabloids. I thought if I could pay ngozi to the family who had lost their kid maybe it will give me a bit of closure, but I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t in this corridor of uncertainty. When will it end? I was seeing the kid again in the mirror with a yellow t-shirt immersed in blood, with an evil smirk. Had someone bewitched me?? He had done a very good at it if that was the case. I had grown very distant from my kids as well. Zoey was 10 and the older one did notice that something had significantly changed about me. \uc0{\u8221}Daddy what\uc0{\u8217}s wrong, you\uc0{\u8217}re no longer reading bed time stories for us\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}Daddy is sick baby, when I\uc0{\u8217}m well I will make it up to you\uc0{\u8221} .}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Was I really sick. Physically of course not but that\uc0{\u8217}s what not true health is? Mental well-being is a vital component in one being truly healthy. My mental health was far from that.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Ari kutiiko murume uya wekupenga!\uc0{\u8221} One police lady was shouting so loudly that I could hear her from the holding cell. They were talking about me definately. I had eventually turned myself in, but just as the private investigator before, they had no reports of accident matching that incident nor they had records of the child. All in the force assumed that I had gone mad. Well in as much I was offended by this they weren\uc0{\u8217}t entirely wrong, I had completely lost it. I hit head on the wall and knocked off..}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I eventually woke up, I was welcomed by the pristine interior of a mental institution. How did I get here, did rhe police brought me here or my wife? I had no idea but I recognised the place. My mother had spent the last years of her life. But I was still in my prime, just turned 40, will this shapeless hospital garb, I was wearing be my reality forever. Would I miss all my daughter\uc0{\u8217}s milestones from graduation to highschool, into college or eventually when they get married. And why they haven\uc0{\u8217}t visited me yet? Or they did and couldn\uc0{\u8217}t remember, I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t sure maybe they did whilst I was out. Will I ever be fin}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 e?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}