{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy21\hr13\min51\sec20}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy21\hr13\min51\sec20}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It has been a long time since our university days, and I often think about the good times we shared and the dreams we had for our futures. Today, I am writing to share my story with you, as I believe that reconnecting with old friends can bring hope and support in difficult times. Since 2023, I have faced numerous challenges that have tested my strength and faith, and I want to open up to you about my journey. Please, bear with me if it is going to be a long one.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have experienced many painful seasons in my life. I have tried demanding more money from work and even making myself unavailable, hoping it would somehow help. I attempted to start businesses I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t afford and borrowed money from people, but nothing seemed to improve my situation.\uc0{\u160} Now, a year later, I am still struggling. I have tried fasting and seeking guidance from prophets, but my difficulties persist. I have worked tirelessly to overcome these challenges, taking any job available just to get by. From scrubbing offices to hawking houses, I have done whatever I can to make ends meet.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite my efforts, my hardships have continued. Every morning, I wake up with nothing. This has affected my family deeply, and I have been unable to send my children to school. Last night, we went to bed hungry, and my eldest child is supposed to start Form 1 on Monday, but without school fees, they won\uc0{\u8217}t be able to attend class. I have no idea where I\uc0{\u8217}ll get the money for their fees. In addition to the financial struggles, I have been seeking good fortune and blessings through prayers and support from those around me. Today, I am reaching out to you today, to ask for help and encouragement. Your visits and prayers would mean the world to me as I continue to navigate these difficult times.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Through all of this, I have persevered and tried to remain hopeful. My faith keeps me going, but it is incredibly challenging. I hope that by sharing my story, I can receive the support I need to make it through another day and provide for my family. Life has been a continuous struggle, and I have done everything I can think of to change my situation. Yet, despite my best efforts, I am still in need of help. If you are close by, please consider visiting me to offer some encouragement and prayers. Your support can make a difference in these trying times. Living in Lilongwe and enduring these hardships has taught me the importance of community and faith. I am holding on to hope, praying that soon my seasons of pain will end and that better days are ahead.}}\par
\sect
}