{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy05\hr17\min52\sec44}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy05\hr17\min52\sec44}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Once upon a time, there was a young woman named Helen. She was kind and warm-hearted, with a big smile that could light up any room. However, despite her cheerful demeanor, she was hiding a secret pain deep inside her heart.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Helen was in love with a man named William, who was everything she had ever wanted in a partner. He was kind, thoughtful, and always there for her when she needed him. But despite the strong connection they shared, there was one thing standing in the way of their happiness: William was already in a committed relationship with someone else.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Helen tried to ignore her feelings and push them aside, but they only grew stronger with each passing day. She found herself constantly thinking about William and longing for his touch, even though she knew it was impossible. The thought of him being with someone else was like a knife twisting in her heart, and she felt her pain growing with each passing moment.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite her own heartache, Helen was determined to do the right thing and not come between William and his partner. She knew that the last thing she wanted was to cause anyone else pain or heartache, especially not someone she cared so deeply for.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But as time went on, the pain of being in love with the right person but unable to be with them became too much to bear. Helen found herself struggling to keep her head up and put on a brave face, and she started to withdraw from her friends and family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, she finally couldn\uc0{\u8217}t take it anymore and she sat down with William to talk about her feelings. She poured her heart out to him, telling him about the pain she had been carrying and how much she loved him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To her surprise, William revealed that he had been feeling the same way about her all along. It turned out that he too had been struggling with the idea of being in a committed relationship with someone else while being deeply in love with Helen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In that moment, all of Helen\uc0{\u8217}s pain melted away. She and William shared a passionate kiss, and from that day forward, they were together, building a life filled with love, laughter, and happiness. Helen was previously married and she gave birth to two daughters, Salma and Salah. The details of her previous marriage, such as the length of the marriage, the reason for its end, and any other relevant information, are not specified. However, it is known that she is the mother of two girls, Salma and Salah.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The end.}}\par
\sect
}