{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy12\hr13\min47\sec02}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy12\hr13\min47\sec02}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He Left me feeling like a failure}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Finding the courage to understand and accept some reality of life often molds us into the people we become. One of my most recent interaction with an old friend has changed my perspective on life, it taught me the need to understand some realities of life and accept them because that\uc0{\u8217}s the only way you can deal with them to your advantage. Few months ago I had a long conversation with an old friend after along time of not seeing each other. My old friend is called Hashim he came from a fairly well off family, His father was a successful business man in town. Hashim used to work with his father in his business during every school holiday and was given monthly allowance. Meanwhile I always stayed back home during holidays and helped with house chores and other home activities, my mother carried out a small business in a nearby market but she preferred for me to stay back home and do other home activities rather than helping her in the market.Therefore I was not given any allowance since I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t working for pay unlike Hashim.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Years past , Me and Hashim went our separate ways to study and we both successfully graduated from university. Fortunately for Hashim he got a good job and got himself a wife, bought a car and also managed to establish his personal businesses with some of his savings from way back in school and from his earning. Anyone can clearly tell that Hashim is a very successful young man.Unlike me, After graduating from the university I was not so lucky enough, I had to look for work and volunteered for months with a number of organization who hardly employ me. I tried to start personal business but it didn\uc0{\u8217}t work for me because it seems like I lacked adequate business skills unlike Hashim who had the exposure from his fathers business. At some point, I gave up on business and got a job and this job paid me fairly well much as it is not enough but at least it could take care of bills and daily expenses.Yes I can not afford a car and other luxuries but am able to take care of bills for all the basic necessities. Its not like I haven\uc0{\u8217}t been doing enough or working harder, But To some extent things are just too easy as it may seems.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hashim made me felt like a failure recently when I interacted with him, He called me and we had along phone conversation, talking bout life and how everything has been. I opened up to him and I told him how I have been managing and so forth but instead of him encouraging me in a constructive manner, he made me felt like I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t doing enough to make my life better, he despised my current job, blamed me that am being too relaxed in my comfort zone. To some extent, he could be having a point but how I wished he brought in more constructive manner that does not kill my spirit and totally demotivate me.}}\par
\sect
}