{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy05\hr11\min21\sec55}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy05\hr11\min21\sec55}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was the first day of her work as a teacher for first class. She was really excited, and had many ideas for her class. Her students will experience a new type of society after their homes or kindergartens so their teacher can be like a guide Engle for them, and she knew this truth better than anyone else. She reviewed her first speech again and again in her minds, and she was trying to be ready for first day.When she received school, she was a little bit stressed but breathed deeply and opened the door of class to enter. students were sat on their desks because the school\uc0{\u8217}s manager spoke with them about school\uc0{\u8217}s rules before coming their teacher. that was amazing and too much better than her thoughts. they seemed polite and silent, so she introduced herself and began her work with knowing her students. They were so cute with beautiful hearts,but not silent as much as they seemed in first expression and this was a point that became clear just after a few minutes.In other days, teacher found more about her class like she should be really patient against them; because they were too young to know something like discipline, also she should sympathise with them when they miss their home in school and class, but the most important thing that she found was that she should make some new logical rules for explaining world\uc0{\u8217}s truths for them and students belief on their teacher made it more difficult.It doesn\uc0{\u8217}t give her much times that she could adapt with new situation. she made new methods for teaching them, taking them many times to little garden in school and teaching them was one of them, bringing things those pertain lessons was also another way.\uc0{\u160} sometimes telling story and sometimes playing with them, all were different methods that she should handle.One day when she was teaching them in school\uc0{\u8217}s garden one of students found a dandelion and said\uc0{\u8221} Teacher! See here I found a dandelion, my mom said dandelion can be informer. It is so beautiful!!\uc0{\u8221} She said that with a lovely smile on her lips. Teacher became exited and explained about dandelions for them \uc0{\u8221}oh really? Come and show it your friends!\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}My dears! your friend is right .these are amazing plants and you can say them your message so they will send words to your addressers. Stand up kids! try to find a dandelion for everyone\uc0{\u8221} students became happy and tried in garden to find one for themselves and meanwhile teacher was speaking\uc0{\u8221} dandelions are confidant so you can trust them to say your massages, today I want everyone send a message.\uc0{\u8221} one of students asked:\uc0{\u8221} how they will find our addressers?\uc0{\u8221} Teacher thought and said\uc0{\u8221} I think wind will help them, yes wind go everywhere.\uc0{\u8221}In a few minutes everybody found one for themselves, so teacher started speaking again\uc0{\u8221}oh my dears now let\uc0{\u8217}s to have a massage, you can, not to say your massage but if you want you can share your addressers and after that we all together will blow. so who want to be first one?\uc0{\u8221} One of students who was usually a calm student said \uc0{\u8221} I want to send a message to my daddy. He is in war\uc0{\u8230}I am not sure why he is far from us but my mother said that my daddy went there because he is a good man and he went there to stay everything like it is now.\uc0{\u8221} Teacher\uc0{\u8217}s eyes became full of tears but she controlled herself,in fact herself addresser was her brother that was in war too, but she knew the reason of war and many other things that not give tranquility her\uc0{\u160} but could a little comfort her and now she thought that children do not know these all and even if they know that can not understand, they will just miss; how complicated. Why she didn\uc0{\u8217}t anticipate this before massages sending idea, what should she say now? How should explain something like war for children?she was in her thoughts but she should control the class so she rally herself and said her \uc0{\u8221}that is great, you will make him happy with your massage, I am sure your father really miss you.\uc0{\u8221} Who will be next?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160} She thought \uc0{\u8221} now I should pass, I have to think to say proper sentences.\uc0{\u8221}Other students said their addressers one by one, and most of them wanted to send a message to their fathers or mothers in war, and most of them like first student didn\uc0{\u8217}t have an exact definition for war , they just wanted their parent next to them. Teacher tried to explain them that their parents are good people that went to a far place though missing their kids, families and homes to have a calm situation, she tried to convince them and that was too hard, because they were too young to understand many things, they had many questions like the exact meaning of death, war, danger, soldier and many other things. Teacher could say just if someone dye he or she will go to god and a better place and their parents will comeback soon when can. she could not convince them completely, so she tried to finish day with blowing dandelions to have more time.After class she thought that she should collect her ideas and have a better definition for war\uc0{\u160} and their other questions. but in meanwhile, students questions made her to think deeply and now she was not sure that even she know the meaning of those words, she was really confused .She was in her thoughts when entered office. In that time manager called her, so she came out of her mind \uc0{\u8221} oh yes sir\uc0{\u8221}-\uc0{\u8221} Miss teacher I have a bad massage\uc0{\u8230}father of one of your students\uc0{\u8230}passed away in war, so you have to help her as a teacher to come to terms with these circumstances\uc0{\u8221}.She shocked and became so upset, most of the students fathers were in war, that was which one? but when she asked, answer made her more upset. It was the first student, who she promised that her massage will received her father and he will comeback as soon as he can\uc0{\u8221}how a cruel world\uc0{\u8221} it was her thought in that moment, with eyes full of tears\uc0{\u8230}and a heart full of sorrow\uc0{\u8230}In that day and days after that she was thinking about these all ; what is the exact definition of war? who will more hurt and who will profit more in it ?who is soldier ?what is death? and what is the real meaning of life ?\uc0{\u8230}Now she became like her students, She was now full of questions and one of them that made her really upset was about the first student \uc0{\u8221} what happend to her dandelion? Wind will take that where?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\sect
}