{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy09\hr20\min43\sec29}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy09\hr20\min43\sec29}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Promise Garandisako (13), left the whole community of Heri Village in Chipinge ward 7, in a state of shock and disappointment, as he was found hanging on a macadamia tree planted behind their house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a bizarre incident that left the entire community in confusion and fear, a young man Promise was found hanging precariously on a tree. He was found by his friend Simau Hlamini who came to take him to a local community soccer ground known as \uc0{\u8220}Chikoka shena\uc0{\u8221} the mother of the deceased was just arriving from working at neighboring farms. She fainted as she saw her child on a rope, other siblings thinking that Promise was cooking as he left the pot boiling to commit suicide. The cause for committing suicide is attributed to his father who assigned him many domestic chores. A sibling of the deceased who repudiated to be mentioned said \uc0{\u8220}Promise was assigned to fetch three buckets of water but instead he fetched two and refused to fetch the last one. The father insisted he to fetch the last one and he became furious\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A neighbor Kuda kunanga\uc0{\u160} (31) said \uc0{\u8220}Mr Garandisako was seen bolting after his child instructing him to stop, while he was striking him on the back with a catapult.\uc0{\u8221} However, another informant who divulged to be named informed that \uc0{\u8220}Mr Garandisako warned that he was going to kill any child who would tell people what exactly happened. Afterward, he packed his fishing equipment and went away.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A somber atmosphere engulfed the whole congregants who came at the graveyard to pay last salute to the academic genius. Tears fell swiftly on cheeks as the body was lifted from the police vehicle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Women were singing a plethora of songs but there is the one which was reiterated which gave questions to the people, the song with the lyrics \uc0{\u8220}Kune wakauraya uchaitamba nzerere nzere\uc0{\u8221} which in translation to English means \uc0{\u8220}to the one responsible for the death shall suffer from the avenging spirit\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160} the song was sung up to the end of the burial service.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Village Head Lovemore Semwayo made credible graveside remarks \uc0{\u8220}let us keep our children safe and desist from any means of violence, this is unwelcomed, it\uc0{\u8217}s taboo for a young child as little as 13 to commit suicide, let us not be violent to our kids they must feel free when they see their parents let\uc0{\u8217}s grant them, adequate parental love.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\sect
}