{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo05\dy03\hr16\min09\sec36}{\revtim \yr2023\mo05\dy03\hr16\min09\sec36}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She was mature beyond her age. Life made her strong and cold. She did not let anyone come too close to her. But with him, she was just madness. There was something about him that made her a child again. She was pure again. She was innocent again. She was loud again. And she was crazy again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He never judged her. He was a fiery person as well. But with her, he used to mellow down to his sweetest. He would tolerate all her dramas, all her mood swings. She would pull his cheeks. Mess up his hair. And even slap his shoulders, for fun. But he knew why she was that crazy with him. She felt safe with him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She always felt like doing more, expecting more, and stretching the line with him because she knew that she had that right. And she never felt that right over someone. She would start an argument with him for no reason, and he too would jump into that trap. They both were strong-headed, so things heated up in a minute.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But then he would take a deep breath and smile at her, just smile. He would hold her hand and pour out love from his eyes. She would pretend to fight more, but she would soon burst into laughter and then end up blushing in that eye contact. They were like that, too stupid, but too much in love.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He was a hard man to crack. But she could make blush. She could make him shy. She could make him nervous. She was a dominating tigress. And he was no meek lamb. He too had that roar of a tiger. But she tamed him with love. And he liked that feeling. He always let her win those silly battles.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He always made her feel that he was her human. He had to take care of her tantrums. It used to get frustrating at times. But whenever he was about to lose that temper, she used to make that innocent puppy face. And within a few seconds, he used to cool down and hold her hand in a squeeze.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That was their \uc0{\u8220}sorry.\uc0{\u8221} That was their \uc0{\u8220}I understand.\uc0{\u8221} She did a million things in a day for him to leave. But just once, at least once, she would do or say something so sweet that he would cling on to her like a little kid holds onto his mom in a wild crowd. They were weird. But they were pure.}}\par
\sect
}