{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr12\min09\sec24}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr12\min09\sec24}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He Was Killed by Religion}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tim was a bright and energetic young man. He was the pride and joy of the Dzaleka Community, Tim was born in a family of three brothers and two sisters, he was the second born in the family. His father and mother were devoted Jehovah\uc0{\u8217}s Witnesses who were deeply committed to their beliefs and always lived their life according to the principles of their faith.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tim was a guy of sport. He loved playing football, basketball, and Volleyball. He was good at all these games. He always played these games with a smile on his face. In the community was recognized as a humble young man and very respectful.\uc0{\u160} I confirm this because most of the time I would meet him at the borehole fetching water, and what he did amazed me. He would pump water for old women and ensure they got water before he would fill his own Jerricans. Despite being a Burundian, he was loved by many in Dzaleka Refugee Camp; Rwandese, Burundians, Somalis, and even Congolese, all these communities found Tim to be an adorable young man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, Tim was playing football, it was just football training. Playing at the Defense post, James was playing as a rival striker and came face to face with Tim, he wanted to shoot in the goal post but Tim rushed and kicked the ball away, this made James miss the ball and accidentally kicked Tim in the abdomen. Tim fell instantly; the players and the coach thought is nothing serious until for almost a minute Tim didn\uc0{\u8217}t stand up. They rushed and carried him and took him to the Dzaleka Health Clinic. All these happened so fast. The Impact of the kick in the abdomen was so severe.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Reaching the clinic he was immediately referred to Mtengo Wantenga Hospital in Mponela. The doctors immediately recognized the severity of his injuries and knew that he needed a blood transfusion to survive as he had lost a lot of blood. However, the doctor was soon faced with a dilemma \uc0{\u8211} Tim\uc0{\u8217}s parents were Jehovah\uc0{\u8217}s Witnesses, and they had made it clear that they would not allow their son to receive a blood transfusion.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The doctors explained to the parents that Tim needed a blood transfusion to save his life. They pleaded with the parents to reconsider their position and allow their son to receive the medical treatment he needed. But Tim\uc0{\u8217}s parents were unwavering in their belief that blood transfusions were against their religion. They refused to compromise their faith, even if it meant risking their son\uc0{\u8217}s life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the hours went by, Tim\uc0{\u8217}s condition continued to get worse. The doctors did everything they could to stabilize him, but without the blood transfusion, his body was simply unable to heal. Tim\uc0{\u8217}s parents remained by his bedside, praying for a miracle. But as hours increased, it became clear that Tim was not going to make it. It did not take long time, Tim passed away, surrounded by his grief-stricken parents. It was a heartbreaking moment, one that would have been avoided if Tim had been given the medical treatment he needed. But Tim\uc0{\u8217}s parents remained steadfast in their belief that they had done the right thing. They believed that Tim was in a better place and that they would one day be reunited with him in the afterlife.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The tragedy of Tim\uc0{\u8217}s death had the entire community angry. Many people were outraged that Tim\uc0{\u8217}s life had been needlessly cut short, and we all questioned the wisdom of the Jehovah\uc0{\u8217}s Witness teachings on blood transfusions. The case sparked a debate about religious freedom and the right to medical treatment. Many people argued that parents should not be allowed to refuse life-saving medical treatment for their children, while others who come from the same religion defended the parents\uc0{\u8217} right to practice their religion.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tim\uc0{\u8217}s football club wept for the loss of their player, fellow player especially James cried like a young baby for the death of Tim feeling also responsible for the death of Tim. On the burial day, the players carried the coffin to the graveyard. All nationalities found in the camp were present at Tim\uc0{\u8217}s funeral. His football team placed his jersey on top of his coffin to be buried with him as a sign of respect and love. The tragedy of Tim\uc0{\u8217}s death remained a painful story in our society.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For Tim\uc0{\u8217}s parents, the loss of their Son was a profound and life-changing event. They continued to draw comfort from their faith, but they also questioned whether they had made the right decision. They knew that they would never be able to bring their son back, but they hoped that his memory would inspire others to reconsider their beliefs and their actions in the face of life-threatening medical situations.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}