{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy20\hr00\min12\sec54}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy20\hr00\min12\sec54}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had seen him grow up, and I noted with amazement the degree of superiority of his intelligence compared to mine. I was both jealous and happy. Beyond this mixed feeling, I was proud to see that my brother was the holder of this intellectual potential. Alhassane had once lost his twin Alhousseiny; Providence had recalled the latter at a very young age.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Apart from his extraordinary intellectual ability, he had fantastic calligraphy. Contemplating his writings was an absolute pleasure for the eyes. A brilliant student, he had proven himself very early in school. He quickly stood out through his grades and verbal ability. Noisy, he had scars on several places of his body, mainly one of his legs. Was he left or right? I don\uc0{\u8217}t remember exactly. My father had bandaged it several times, but the wound resisted healing. I even remember accompanying him to the infirmaries, once to Dixinn and several times to Doctor Sakho in Yembeya. Despite our efforts, his wound only healed superficially but remained gaping inside.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Was it the effect of tetanus? I would not know how to say it. A few weeks before the Brevet, he had started to feel troubles in his legs; he had difficulty standing up, and we had to help him every time. His mobility had been impaired.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My father had taken it upon himself to accompany him more than once to Donka for dressings. He, who often trivialized illnesses, had suddenly become worried. His concern had amplified mine. Was I the only one? What do I know?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This situation of Alhassane no longer left him indifferent; I also believe that he had never been indifferent to the problem of anyone; he was quite simply afraid of hospitals. He was terrified of it. He said to me one day with a tone somewhat mixed with anger and sadness: \uc0{\u8220} }{\cf0\f0\i You must not leave me alone to deal with your brother\uc0{\u8217}s situation. One of you should come with me.\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} }{\cf0\f0 I had the opportunity to see, despite his terrible fear of hospitals, his desire to continue to support my brother in his treatment.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Together we finally decided to accompany him to Donka. Apart from my brother Alpha and my father, I was among those who actively took part in this path. My older brother, despite his job, took great care of him. He had a special affection for this twin who had once lost his brother Alhousseiny. My brother Alpha considered him his confidant.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The family actively participated in his treatment without losing hope of seeing him recover.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For my part, I was also confident that hope was allowed; I hoped that he was going through the same situation as me during my baccalaureate period. My brother Ibrahim and I were at his bedside on the eve of his death. That night, I had been a helpless witness to a horrible scene that will remain forever etched in my memory: I was losing my brother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 During a moment of inattention, he exclaimed softly, \uc0{\u8221}Turn on the light!\uc0{\u8221} Having heard him say that, I was almost suffocated by a fear that I had trouble controlling. Indeed, I had not turned off the light; he had lost sight. When I approached him, I noticed with horror that his eyes were empty, like a blind man in the ordinary sense of the word. My brother Ibrahima was by my side; I stared into his eyes while asking him questions to relieve my anxiety. The answers he had given me helped confirm what I feared: Death was here. Although I was unable to see her, I felt her presence. If she had smelled, I probably would have smelled it. A panic and coldness that only God could describe took hold of me. I was paralyzed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When my brother Ibrahim went to bed, I was alone with him, praying with all my might. Having realized the obvious, I wanted to wake up the other family members to say goodbye to him; despite my desire to help him live, I was resolved to the inevitable: he was no longer going to get out. He would soon leave us forever for a new world unknown to all. This scary place that everyone had heard about.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Although I was morally and physically overwhelmed by events, I continued to reassure and comfort him. I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t slept for several hours. I was more than exhausted. I could barely keep my eyes open.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the morning, very early with a mixed feeling of anger, and sadness coupled with a faint glimmer of hope, I would write to myself: }{\cf0\f0\i we must take him to the hospital immediately because his condition is only getting worse. Aggravate. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the car, my father, accompanied by brother Alpha and myself, was determined to drive him as quickly as possible to find out what ailment he was suffering from. My father had once had him consult in the private clinic of Pr. Amara Ciss\uc0{\u233}, but the efforts had not been fruitful. Having watched it several times, I understood that for the first time in my life, I was sitting next to a person who had passed away; at the time, I could not describe how I was inside. The word \uc0{\u8221}Devastating\uc0{\u8221} would have been modest.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All our attempts had failed. All our hopes were dashed. I had attended, and without wanting to, the step-by-step accomplishment of death as the Koran had described it in \uc0{\u8220}Surat Al kiyamat. \uc0{\u187}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Weeks earlier, my brother and I motivated him to prepare effectively despite the pain. Like us, despite the grip of pain, he developed a burning desire to pass the BEPC; I also witnessed his commitment to revisions.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite the imbalance of his lower limbs, he took the revisions to heart. He did his best not to miss any sessions. How great was his sacrifice!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, he came home from school exhausted on a very sunny day. He had excruciating pain in his legs, and his breathing was abnormal. He breathed like a hunted person. Wasn\uc0{\u8217}t death stalking him anyway?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My father, who was worried about his situation, came into the room to inquire about his condition. \uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}Kohondoun wadi Alhassane?\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} He asked her the question to know what was wrong. He asked her to get up for a bite to eat, but he was so exhausted that he even had difficulty answering. He only wanted one thing: to rest. My father reported to me with eyes filled with worry and sadness. Indeed, Alhassane was not one of the whiners.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minutes later, I walked into the room; he was lying on his stomach and was breathing hard; I could feel he was out of breath.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Like my father, I had offered him to eat before sleeping, but he made me understand that he no longer needed to sleep. For him, food could wait. Despite our efforts, her condition only deteriorated. The pharmaceuticals no longer had any effect; on the contrary, they accentuated the pain, especially the ointment that I applied to him. I even remember he asked me not to put any more on him. She made him suffer excruciatingly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, I awkwardly reprimanded him despite his condition. He had returned from the examination center out of breath, accompanied by his friends, who voluntarily escorted him. I asked him the reason for this extreme fatigue, which I noticed with regret. His friends told me that they had made the trip on foot. Instantly, I was turned against him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When his friends left, I asked him why he hadn\uc0{\u8217}t taken a taxi as agreed in the morning. With regret, he explained that he did not want to embark without his friends. He apologized.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I still remember that moment today, but I can\uc0{\u8217}t help crying inside myself. And even though I had reprimanded him for his own good, with the concern of seeing him recover quickly, I believe that I should have acted differently. It was only later that I understood that he had given me one of the finest examples of friendship. His friend \uc0{\u8220}Broken arm,\uc0{\u8221} who was among those who had accompanied him that day, was present for the family after the tragedy. He had testified to the sincerity of their friendship.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Years earlier, he was still in elementary school during the first school year after we moved. One day, near the family car that served as our means of transport, an altercation broke out between us. I don\uc0{\u8217}t even remember the subject of our ridiculous argument. In anger, I had pushed him somewhat violently. He almost took a hard fall, but by the grace of the lord, he put his hands on the ground first. How detestable was my action!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My brother\uc0{\u8217}s friend, whom we used to park our car at the time, reprimanded me for this action; he expressed himself in these terms: \uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} if you who are supposed to protect him, you act out of going out with him, who will he have to count on in the event of a problem?\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} Since that day, I decided never to lay my hands on him again. I had understood the words of \uc0{\u8221}Papisto,\uc0{\u8221} my older brother\uc0{\u8217}s friend.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I thank the Lord for having taught me from that day to have more mercy toward him. The words of a \uc0{\u8221}foreigner\uc0{\u8221} had transformed this brutal individual that Dixinn had had the misfortune to train. Besides, if I had been able to show so much devotion during his illness, it was partly due to this radical positive change that had taken place in me a few years earlier. I cannot thank Heaven enough for having created this brutal and unfortunate incident through its wisdom, which allowed me to open my eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When illness got the better of him \uc0{\u8221}at Les Flamboyants,\uc0{\u8221} and I returned home devastated by the evidence of his death, two things nevertheless helped me to accept his death: knowing that God Knew precisely why He brought back my brother to Kingdom and knowing that whole family had given its best to help my brother day and night without any complain or whatsoever.}}\par
\sect
}