{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy17\hr16\min44\sec15}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy17\hr16\min44\sec15}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Richard lived In Dzaleka camp with his wife,Moza and their thirteen children; he always found it difficult to buy food that would satisfy his large family. He then developed a soccer betting habit. Richard and I became friends when we were watching a soccer game between Real Madrid vs Barcelona. We both were Barcelona fans. At this time, Richard was bankrupt with lots of debts which he would return with benefits. As he was a bricklayer, when he received his daily income, he would bet a half of it and give his wife another half to buy food for that day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As friends, when there were soccer games during the weekend, we would pay the public DSTV and watch games. I never knew how to place a bet, but Richard taught me everything needed to place bets on soccer matches.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, Richard found a job and it was to build a big house of eight rooms; his boss said,\uc0{\u8221} budget everything needed to build an eight room house with iron sheets, and cement floor! and tell me the amount needed for the budget.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Richard calculated the budget and got a bank check from his boss, Chikondi. \uc0{\u8220} Take the money, go buy all the things mentioned in this budget and plan to work next week!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} Fine boss!\uc0{\u8221} He said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then we met on the way while coming from receiving the bank check. He reached into his pocket and picked out the check:\uc0{\u8221} bro,I am going to bring back all the money eaten by bets. I will pay all people\uc0{\u8217}s debts and I will become free again.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} Where did you get this check from?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} I will start building Chikondi\uc0{\u8217}s house next week, so I will find profits from this money and use it to pay off my debts.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} You are right bro!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} To minimize the risk, I will place my bet only on Barcelona to win straight. \uc0{\u8220}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} Is Barcelona playing today?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} Yes, it\uc0{\u8217}s playing against Armenia.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} Yeah, it\uc0{\u8217}s a straight win!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We went to the betting bureau near Dzaleka public health,\uc0{\u8221} print me a hundred fifty Malawian kwacha bet slip.\uc0{\u8221} I paid MK150; my bet slip consist of several game, hopping to win Mk 2500. And Richard said,\uc0{\u8221} print me a five hundred thousand Malawian kwacha bet slip on Barcelona alone to win straight.\uc0{\u8221} and it was done.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the soccer game approached,we went to get good seats in DSTV near the Diego shop.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the players from both groups entered the ground,fortunately ,the cameraman focused on Robert Lewandowski. All Barcelona fans in the cinema whole applauded and yelled the name,\uc0{\u8221} Lewandowski! Lewandowski! Lewandowski!\uc0{\u8221} It felt so exciting ,I knew Lewandowski would score more goals in the game.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Settled by my side,Richard stepped up and shouted,\uc0{\u8221} Lewa, Lewa, Lewandowski!\uc0{\u8221} Real Madrid fans looked at him with anguish in their eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I grabbed his hand and told him,\uc0{\u8221} yo bra! go and make a pay out! The Cash is already in your pocket!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}don\uc0{\u8217}t forget to buy me a beer after the match!\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry!\uc0{\u8221} He said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He squat down and beat his chest like a drum at our local churches,yelling\uc0{\u8221} yaaaa!\uc0{\u8221} Musosi, an elderly man seatled by his side, touched his hand and said,\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} could you please sit down! the game is about to begin so let\uc0{\u8217}s watch it.\uc0{\u8221} Richard sat down with respect.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was eager, waiting for the referee to blow the starting whistle. In my chest,my heart started to race. After captains of both teams exchanged flags, the whistle was blown and the match began.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In twenty four minutes of the game start, Toure El Bilal , The number nine from Almeria scored a golden goal. A half of the audience in the Cinema whole stood up and yelled in delight,\uc0{\u8221}Goaaal!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Looking at Richard, he was trembling. Musosi, the old man by his side, asked,\uc0{\u8221} are you alright?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Yes I am,\uc0{\u8221} He replied softly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Papy Chulo, a Real Madrid fan, slapped Richard \uc0{\u8216}s back. \uc0{\u8221} ouch! \uc0{\u8221} Richard said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Papy chulo pointed at Richard and said,\uc0{\u8221} Barcelona, you guys are finished, Almeria will beat you today you will witness with your own eyes!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} you don\uc0{\u8217}t know what you are saying, do you know Barcelona? FIFA\uc0{\u8217}s number one team in the World!\uc0{\u8221} Richard said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} ooh! You don\uc0{\u8217}t understand what a ball is; a ball is spherical, that means it changes its positions as it rotates. You will witness how Barca will be nailed on a Cross.\uc0{\u8221} Papy Chulo said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Do you know that Barcelona has the ability to equalize and win even in extra time?\uc0{\u8221} Richard said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The excitement of Real Madrid fans and others filled the entire Cinema whole, but Richard and I could not give up as Barcelona fans.\uc0{\u8221} Barcelona will surprise people here, you will see! Barcelona will equalize and win.\uc0{\u8221} Richard said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was half time, and Almeria led by one goal, null.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We went outside during halftime break, there were voices of comments and excitement every where around us; Real Madrid fans were excited. with a crushed voice,\uc0{\u8221} Almeria has done its best in the first half and what I know, Vicente Moreno, the coach will change the game in the second half, I believe he will reinforce the defense.\uc0{\u8221} Papy Chulo said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Rafa, a Paris Saint Germain football club fan responded,\uc0{\u8221} second half game is to lock up the goal so that no one can filtrate the net! that is what Moreno will do in the second half, you don\uc0{\u8217}t know.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Players came back in the field, the referee blew the whistle to resume the second half. The cinema hall was crowded with sounds of many fans, those of Real Madrid,Barcelona and Paris saint Germain. All fans chanted the name of the Almeria striker who scored the goal\uc0{\u8221} Toure! Toure! Toure!\uc0{\u8221} Except we, Barcelona fans,remained silent, expecting for Lewandowski to score for equalization and eventually win.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was still no goal scored in the seventieth minutes of the game. Richard started to stink, sweat was coming from his armpits. Curious they were, looking at Richard his white shirt at the armpits part looked wet and yellowish.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Papy Chulo laughed at him,he said,\uc0{\u8221} see, Barcelona fans! Richard is sweating all over his body?\uc0{\u8221} But Richard remained quiet.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At ninety minutes of the game, the score was still one- zero, with Armenia leading the game. Richard started shaking, his stomach began growling,\uc0{\u8221}roar! roar! roar!\uc0{\u8221} He looked frustrated; he stood up and went outside, and I followed him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} I want to go to the toilet ,\uc0{\u8221} he said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I waited for him out side the toilet, I knew he lost five hundred thousand Malawian kwacha which was for construction materials ; i felt sorry for him. He finished and came out of the toilet,but he looked fatigue,\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} Man, Barcelona has added more problems to the ones I had. Now what will I tell my boss who trusted me with his money to buy construction materials? Will I tell him that I used his money to gamble? I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what to do,\uc0{\u8221} he said ,\uc0{\u8221} In addition,I have a huge debt that needs to be paid with interest, and my family at home is suffering from a lack of food. I feel trapped; No one is willing to lend me money anymore nowadays, that I may return with interest.I am not sure how to find a way out of this terrible situation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} I can understand your concern, but this is not the time, you need to accept your failure and maybe tomorrow you will bet and get your money back.\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Looking devastated, he stood up and told me,\uc0{\u8221} see you!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} See you!\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When it was in the evening, it was reported by community leaders that Richard was found hanging on a rope in his bathroom. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe what I heard from the leaders, so I jumped up and went to Richard \uc0{\u8216}s home. It was true, he hung himself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}