{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy03\hr13\min08\sec31}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy03\hr13\min08\sec31}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    Today is the present, tomorrow is the future and yesterday was the past. Everything that breathes has a past that it has lived through, the past that makes up its history.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    Our memories of the past belong to the past, and our memories can help define us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    Everyone needs to believe in something, everyone has a memory of the past.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    There are historical facts that interest the whole world and manage to affect the whole world. Like the time of the COVID19 pandemic of 2019 and 2020, a person born in 2005 will never forget the history of this Coronavirus pandemic that hit the whole world.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    The past is very important to us if we take care of it. If we may have made mistakes in the past, we\uc0{\u8217}ll know how to remedy it in the present.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    There\uc0{\u8217}s an African saying that goes: \uc0{\u8221}Suffering gives intelligence\uc0{\u8221}, so any suffering we may have undergone must belong to the past.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    I\uc0{\u8217}m speaking from a refugee camp in Malawi, a state in south-central Africa.I\uc0{\u8217}m originally from the Democratic Republic of Congo, a country in Central Africa.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    My country of origin shares its borders with several countries, but I and several other people have ended up here in Malawi in the same refugee camp.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    We all have a past that tells our own story, and above all, each of us has our own story.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    The refugee camp where we live is home to over 50,000 refugees, according to statistics for the year 2022 published by the government of Malawi with the High Commission for Refugees.There are family files, singleton files and also files on minors under 18 years of age.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    But all these files of 25 people or just one refugee, doesn\uc0{\u8217}t mean that they don\uc0{\u8217}t have a family left behind in their country of origin.It\uc0{\u8217}s just that we have no choice but to live in the refugee camp. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    There, everyone has their own motive based on their past, which means that they no longer have the courage to return to their country of origin, even if they were a great patriot or just had great love for their country.Especially us refugees who have fled as far as Malawi instead of staying in one of our country\uc0{\u8217}s border countries, insecurity like mine has made it impossible for me to stay even at my country\uc0{\u8217}s borders.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    Imagine, here in the refugee camp, refugees creating communities according to countries of origin or tribes and clans. Refugees create love and care for each other, because out of at least 20 to 35 crates to make 50,000 refugees, we can even find 4 or 5 crates that look alike, depending on their explanations, but only the past belongs to each one.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    The past can destroy our present, which will also be our future, but the past can also correct us and tell us what to do and what not to do in the present and in the future. How each of us can learn our own lesson from what happened to us in the past.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    As you can see, in today\uc0{\u8217}s world, some countries have gone back into their past history and are changing history, treasuring this past history secretly while being careful not to plunge back into the same history that brought shame or suffering to their country.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    Let\uc0{\u8217}s take a look at the colonization of the past: 70 percent of the world\uc0{\u8217}s countries have been colonized, and even today\uc0{\u8217}s world power has been colonized.But now it can\uc0{\u8217}t happen again, unless God, the Creator of the universe, decides it\uc0{\u8217}s time. Because England, the country that colonized today\uc0{\u8217}s world power, the United States of America, is following the orders of the U.S.A., nothing other than the U.S.A. began by studying the mentality of its ancestors and understanding that in the past their ancestors had perhaps made some mistakes that had caused England to colonize it, and this study led to the decision to seek independence by force, by war and violence, telling itself that whatever the cost, we must be free.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    Not just for the United States of America, but for other countries on other continents such as Asia, Oceania, Latin America and North America, as well as Africa.Of the 5 continents that exist, there are only a few that are now developed and can be proclaimed at peace due to their living conditions.Their past may or may not be known, but they still have good living conditions.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    For example, some countries welcome immigrants and refugees of all kinds, while others lose their citizens. A country that may have been independent for fifty years or so is still struggling to find peace or to manage its citizens properly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    Citizens flee their countries to go to countries where they live in hiding for years and years, as if it were the time of Joseph in Egypt, or even the children of Israel in Egypt, who were chosen by God to go through this stage, and God had taken control of everything, but as refugees we don\uc0{\u8217}t even know if God is with us, because the suffering we undergo here, as the world evolves while we are refugees, is like being ejected into space from a spaceship.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    We have no choice but to return to our countries of origin, whereas our own countries have all had independence, like the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Burundi, Rwanda and Somalia, and these same countries celebrate their independence every year, whereas their citizens are fleeing to the East and others have taken refuge on the same African continent, and the leaders of these countries know all about it.The leaders don\uc0{\u8217}t walk on foot and their presidents never wear torn clothes, they even want to look like the sappers of the world, while their citizens suffer in other parts of the same continent. The most astonishing thing is that even in our own homelands there are wars that may never end.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    What lies at the root of all this is the lack of mastery of the past. Our leaders, especially those from Africa, don\uc0{\u8217}t want to study the past and master it, they just want to get elected and buy villas and luxury goods in Europe, a continent that is 90 percent developed.The past of the Africans says nothing to the Africans, we always want to stay behind the others who wanted to change, like Ukraine which refuses categorically to remain under Russia and wants to remain free to do what it wants when it wants in spite of losing their provinces and their citizens, today the whole world supports it with 80 percent for their courage whereas they started themselves with little force that they compared to the force of Russia.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    That\uc0{\u8217}s what the rest of us should be doing, not worrying about our morning, noon and night whippings by the Belgians and the English and so on. But we\uc0{\u8217}re still weak, as if we\uc0{\u8217}re waiting for someone to rescue us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    I saw a film of Bruce Willis, who had gone with his team to Nigeria to save the prisoners, who said that \uc0{\u8221}God has already left Africa\uc0{\u8221} after one of his comrades had said that God is saving Africa. I hated this word at first when I was waiting for it, but I understood that it was advice for Africans who don\uc0{\u8217}t love themselves because God is love.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    I\uc0{\u8217}ve always supported those who say that if we don\uc0{\u8217}t change the world, the world won\uc0{\u8217}t change us either.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    As the famous Spartan king Leonidas, who heroically opposed the Persians, said: \uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s better to die on your feet than to live on your knees\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    We can decide to change the past, and history can also change, because history comes from the past.}}\par
\sect
}