{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy06\hr21\min26\sec46}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy06\hr21\min26\sec46}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hopeless Household}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Once upon a time, there was a boy named Patrick. This boy was born and raised in Dzaleka Refugee Camp, Malawi. His parents had lost everything that they had when they were escaping war in the Democratic Republic of Congo. Due to this, they were living a miserable life in the refugee camp to the extent that his parents were unable to send him to school. His parents were forced to be working in gardens that were owned by the locals for them to put food on the table. When the young boy Patrick turned 17 years old, a certain family friend who was living in the capital city Lilongwe offered him a job as a Shopkeeper. The boy had no choice but to accept the offer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Life was not easy in the capital city since Patrick was not earning enough money to cover his bills and be able to send a little amount of money to help his family In Dzaleka Camp. However, Patrick had to keep working since he was not educated and no one would offer him a well-paying job. After 2 years, Patrick was arrested by the immigration officers in Lilongwe since he was living in the capital city without papers yet he was a refugee, and refugees are supposed to stay in the Camp. The arrest made Patrick lose hope for a better future because even the small job that he had was taken away from him. His parents begged the Camp Administrator to give them a paper to show the immigration officers so that he could be released but it was too late because Patrick was deported to his home country after 2 weeks in prison. Until today, his parents don\uc0{\u8217}t know his whereabouts.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Patrick\uc0{\u8217}s parents are moving up and down to search for their son but to no avail. They have approached the Malawi Redcross Society but they did not receive any feedback to date. What pains me most is that Patrick was the only child that was in the family. His parents have lost hope that they will see Patrick in this world again because they think that their only son is dead.}}\par
\sect
}