{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy03\hr17\min07\sec58}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy03\hr17\min07\sec58}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Delicious Turkish delight. Come and taste.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Bienvenidos\uc0{\u8230}Apple tea\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Each vendor in the Grand Bazaar is badgering you to stop at their shop just to look. I don\uc0{\u8217}t even want to walk near them because of the nauseating smell of cigarette smoke. Each claim he will give you the best deal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yuksel is taking us to her favorite places where \uc0{\u8220}\uc0{\u8230}you can trust the vendors.\uc0{\u8221} It seems they chat her up in their native tongue to get her to bring her large group in. She replies to some but ignores most. The tone of some is as if they\uc0{\u8217}re scolding her for not going into their shop. Others address us in Spanish as they hear her leading the tour in Spanish.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Buenos d\uc0{\u237}as!\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Pashminas\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The tour guide brings us to the one shop she seems to trust. There we eat a variety of Turkish delights. Pistachio, hazelnut, chocolate, almond, and many more flavors. I especially like the almond flavored ones. It reminds me of the turr\uc0{\u243}n we, Puerto Ricans eat at Christmas. At least they\uc0{\u8217}re not smoking inside the shop.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The decorative plates have caught my eye. One especially. Burgundy-rust colored with some light blue greater-than and less-than looking shapes, some white flowers outlined in black, raised bumps and the center reminds me of a mandala painted in mustard, the same light blue as the math shapes and a violet-blue. I am mesmerized by the small yellow, orange, and iris blue flowers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Once I step into the aisle there are men bordering their shops, smoking, chatting, and interrupting their conversations to invite us in to see their merchandise. I make sure to stay in the middle of the wide aisle to avoid the vendors. The smell of cigarettes is still strong even though there\uc0{\u8217}s an open doorway at the end. We step outside for some fresh air. It\uc0{\u8217}s almost 100 degrees Fahrenheit and the sun is shining bright but we prefer that for a few minutes than the smoky bazaar.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When we step outside, there is a man selling perfume.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}4 for $20,\uc0{\u8221} he says as he approaches with designer brand boxes.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m allergic.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My friend said when she walked away, he shouted \uc0{\u8220}5 for $20!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She says to me, \uc0{\u8220}Why would I buy 5 when I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want 4?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Libro de Hagia Sophia con fotos,\uc0{\u8221} said the woman selling books about the museum we just visited. My mother hesitated and asked how much.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Cinco d\uc0{\u243}lares!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Mommy you are carrying enough and I\uc0{\u8217}m not going to carry it. Besides you don\uc0{\u8217}t need another book,\uc0{\u8221} I say to my mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Taca\uc0{\u241}a!\uc0{\u8221}*}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Tu eres taca\uc0{\u241}a,\uc0{\u8221} she screamed as I walked away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After dinner, we went out to explore the neighborhood. As we walked, the restaurant owners motioned for us to come in for dinner. They offered to show us their menus but I gestured to my belly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We just had dinner.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Stop by for drinks. I\uc0{\u8217}ll give you a special price.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One of my fellow travelers and I did stop by the restaurant closest to our hotel. As we paid our bill he brought over the menu and showed me the regular price to inform me that he did charge me less. As I walked out he whispers in my ear, \uc0{\u8220}Bring the group tomorrow for lunch and you will eat free.\uc0{\u8221} I can smell cigarettes on his breath.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We left the hotel early the next day due to a fulfilling itinerary of visiting various museums and mosques in Istanbul and got back in time to freshen up for dinner. After dinner, some of us decided to walk around and check out the night life.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We were chatting and walking along the street and were already off the block our hotel was on when I suddenly hear someone shouting, \uc0{\u8220}Where are you going?!\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I feel someone getting close to me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You were supposed to come for lunch!\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I turned, I realized it was the man from the restaurant where we had drinks last night. I kept walking and didn\uc0{\u8217}t answer him. I was shocked and if I weren\uc0{\u8217}t with a group I wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t have felt safe.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I advised our tour guide, she replied, \uc0{\u8220}Ah, Istanbul.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 *cheapskate}}\par
\sect
}