{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy20\hr17\min05\sec09}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy20\hr17\min05\sec09}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 How did Wild Gentleman mate Lady Elegance?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have thought about it a lot, now and then, mostly at the end of the day when I am tired and willing to think of something rather pleasant. The image of him in his hot body, his intoxicating smile and blushy cheeks when he used to pass over me his shy greetings comes up naturally. I had almost believed I won him over until the day I saw Lady Elegance followed by him and among his followers in Instagram. Then the rumors came, from people who had spotted these two elegancies together here and there, holding their hands and exchanging long alluring smiles and gestures. Well, I then thought it natural for them to mate each other because Wild Gentleman has 13k followers and Lady Elegance almost 12k. While me and him\uc0{\u8230} This would have been too queer, me with my hundred followers, the vulgar me who too much contradicts both him and that \uc0{\u8216}elegant\uc0{\u8217} lady.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As time passed, the image of them mating, together, hand in hand, or hugging, kissing, dancing, or just posing for an Insta photo got more and more unreal and even queerer. \uc0{\u8220}They were too much the same,\uc0{\u8221} I used to justify myself, during the nights before going to sleep, and during the days when I listened carefully to the rumors. I was sure they might have been perplexed (but not attracted) when they first spotted each other on campus. Them missing each other was out of the question, with their extremely polished and carved bodies. Both looked tall, straight, confident, and rich. I can\uc0{\u8217}t see if it is in any way possible for anyone to not notice these two illustrious bodies on campus. Even if you are deeply occupied, you can\uc0{\u8217}t stop yourself from spotting them and appraising their demeanors. But, I don\uc0{\u8217}t think any of them fancied oneself mating the other during such transitory encounters. A wilding must scare the other wilding. It doesn\uc0{\u8217}t matter if they could be mateable to each other. It doesn\uc0{\u8217}t matter if they are from different sexes. When I think of this, I conclude that it could be more possible and natural if for example Gentle Wildman got attracted to someone like me, the gently-smiling weirdo in a normal-shaped body and too casual clothing who (despite what is expected from her demeanor and social class) is rather too perverted and shamelessly assertive.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But if the rumors are to be true, I believe it must have taken the two Finesses a lot of time and energy first to realize their hurtlessness, and then to internalize this lack of danger. It must have taken even more time and gut for them to consider each other as mates, and start to play their mating games. For this to happen, they must have looked over each other for long periods and from a very far and safe distance but at the same time too close that they could scrutinize each other\uc0{\u8217}s perfection. I believe this safe too-close-and-too-far distance must be their illustrious Instagram accounts. They might have first decided to check each other\uc0{\u8217}s Insta pages out of fear, and slowly, they might have realized how wonderful both of them are, and how much they could give each other pleasure. Wild Gentleman might have seen Lady Amorous\uc0{\u8217}s overly-edited photos in bikini; those huge boobs and butt, thin waist, tanned body, face horny\uc0{\u8230} Her lubricity must have set Bashful Wildman on fire. Similarly, Lady Amorous might have felt the fizz by the Timidman\uc0{\u8217}s impressively built body clothed in tight Louis Vuitton sport t-shirt and jeans; wearing his handsome face and delicate short haircut. When aroused, they might have started to think of mating each other. It is where I must have done wrong to attract that hunky wilding because I can\uc0{\u8217}t think of a moment I tried to be amorous in front of him, nor in my Instagram posts. I had tried, maybe just enough, but only behind the scenes, and had a few snapshots in which I looked unnaturally too ornamental. But anyway\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It has been difficult for me to grasp the manner of their mating games though. Most probably, as I saw for my other friends, they might have first started to follow each other on Insta and might have exchanged occasional but short conversations in their inboxes; phrases like \uc0{\u8216}wonderful\uc0{\u8217}, \uc0{\u8216}such a nice body\uc0{\u8217}, \uc0{\u8216}cool\uc0{\u8217}, \uc0{\u8216}impressive\uc0{\u8217};\uc0{\u160} at first only stating each other\uc0{\u8217}s mere presence and putting the light on themselves, and only later on revealing their admiration. Or maybe even before that, which is also a likely option, they might have found each other\uc0{\u8217}s nightly pastures, most likely some famous night club among our university\uc0{\u8217}s rich youngsters. I suspect the place is either Kipish or Nosorog, two dance clubs I hear a lot of stories about. My imagination takes me more to Kipish, as I once was in Nosorog and got sick because it was very dark, crowded and noisy, and I can\uc0{\u8217}t see a chance for people to successfully impress each other there. Though I have never been to Kipish, from the stories I was told, I fancy it to be a brighter place with more space for people to approach themselves. I specially heard from a sex addicted friend of mine that he could successfully seduce very pretty and sexy girls in Kipish. The place must be bright enough to spot pretty and sexy girls, then to attract their attention, and seduce them to sleep with you. However, you should not take this hypothesis of mine seriously for the way this attraction games work for me is too different from others. I can only spot hunkies in bright and quiet spaces, and can never approach them. I wait for them to come to me and they never do. For my friends this whole process of mating happens rather quickly and smoothly. The amount of light or space may not even matter for them. But still it is very likely for those two elegancies to get together either in Kipish or Nosorog because the first rumors I heard of them mating came from friends who spotted the couple in some night club or bar. Despite my persistence, those friends never told me the exact name of the place though.\uc0{\u160} And this is why I call them rumors because in reality none of them had seen the couple but heard the story from someone else. I wonder too, as you do that why my friends persist too much on the inappropriateness of me dating my Gentle Timidman. I have never been paranoid to think they would be envious if I happen to mate that hottie. They must think I would not feel happy, or maybe I don\uc0{\u8217}t really love him. They think I could only get attracted to and be happy with someone like me. But anyway\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To turn to the two wonders, I believe that their first face-to-face encounters must have been stressful, and similar to what happens in some Hollywood movies. Even if it were in a dance club, I can\uc0{\u8217}t imagine neither Wild Gentleman nor Lady Elegance dancing during the nights when their task was to impress one another. The \uc0{\u8216}Elegancy\uc0{\u8217} might have been sitting on some faraway couch in a corner with her friends, eating, drinking, talking, laughing, and occasionally exchanging glances with the out-groups. The \uc0{\u8216}Wilding\uc0{\u8217} might have been sitting in the bar (most probably with his friend who calls himself Modern Gentleman), smoking cigars and drinking beer, keeping quiet and cool as much as possible. In such moments, they might have been under a lot of tension, oozing drops of cold sweat, and feeling the need to defecate. Both of them might have had a hard time sitting still in their places and focusing on conversation exchanged between friends. I guess their nervousness might have aided them the most to attract each other even if they were spatially distant or if the club were very crowded. Finally after a few such nights (even maybe on the first night) Lady Elegance and her companions might have decided to dance in front of the bar. Pretending to be tired, Lady Elegance might have sat in the bar very close to Wild Gentleman. After exchanging glances and most probably smiles, Wild Gentleman might have greeted her and offered her drink and cigars. Thanking him, she might have accepted the drink and refused the cigar.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Even though they knew each other very well, their initial small talk might have been to ask their names, their origins, their occupation, and if they liked the city.\uc0{\u160} One of them might have mentioned that they study in such a university. \uc0{\u8220}Oh really, I also study there!\uc0{\u8221}, \uc0{\u8220}Oh yea, that\uc0{\u8217}s why you look very familiar,\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}We might have seen each other on campus\uc0{\u8221}, \uc0{\u8220}I guess I have seen you a few times there.\uc0{\u8221} They might have also asked each other\uc0{\u8217}s Insta accounts, and surprisingly, they might have found out they had already been following each other. After such a night, they might have encountered each other more frequently on campus, and in the night club, not anymore with other friends but rather alone; for a week or so only exchanging \uc0{\u8216}hello\uc0{\u8217}s, \uc0{\u8216}how are you\uc0{\u8217}s along with some awkward smiling gestures. At last, I guess, it must have been Wild Gentleman asking Lady Elegance out, most likely to a fancy downtown restaurant on a mid-week night.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One their first night, the Rich Poorman might have picked up the Lady Gauche with his father\uc0{\u8217}s new car, and the Lady might have been in her most expensive clothes and her heavy makeup. I can\uc0{\u8217}t really picture what they might have exchanged in the car, though I believe they might have likely kept quiet the whole time in the car, then in the restaurant, when they were making love in a hotel room the Poorman had booked, and while they returned back to their houses. I can\uc0{\u8217}t imagine they have had interesting topics to share with each other, maybe only a few clichic formalities, forced smiles, and awkward compliments. However, they might have communicated mostly by their gestures, for, seeing their posts on their Instas, I believe they must be very good at that. They might have made gestures for the whole night without boring each other or feeling the need to be verbal. Smiling, scorning, blinking, brooding, laughing, grinning, glowing, leering, and bugging; they might have revealed their entire self only gesturing; feeling lucky for themselves, and craving to have each other\uc0{\u8217}s entirety and happiness, and their pictures together posted on their Instas.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I don\uc0{\u8217}t regret losing all this pretentiousness. I am all happy alone without ever mating a hunky.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}