{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy01\hr10\min24\sec17}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy01\hr10\min24\sec17}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was a nursery school teacher when i met my husband. I was just a senior high school graduate and never really got a chance to go to the university but it had always been my dream to become a fashion designer so i was just teaching for the meantime to save enough money to go train as one. When i met this,he told me to stop working and that he would take care of me financially. So i stopped working, but I told him I wanted to train for fashion designer.He told me not to worry and that he will let me train under the best fashion designer in our country. And even though he had enough money to pay for my training, he kept giving me one excuse after the other. I was finally able to save enough money to get started with the training from the money he was giving me for my daily upkeep but he told me to use the money for something else and that he will pay for everything when the right time comes. I dont know why i kept listening to him because he never did and over the years he convinced me to give up on my dream and he made me solely reliable on\uc0{\u160} him and i really didnt see this as a big deal because he claimed he loved. When we got married, I was just a housewife and he was the on taking care of the house financially. Everything was great until i gave birth to my first child. He became distant and that was the first time I caught him cheating. H e told me he cheated because i was giving all my attention to the baby which was a very stupid excuse now that i think about it. But i was very naive and i was scared of losing him so i forgave him. A few months after this, i had a feeling he was still cheating again but i was scared to confront him because i knew i could never leave him and i would still forgive him so i just kept quiet an pretended like i didnt know what was going on. Things took a drastic turn after my second child. I actually caught him with another woman in\uc0{\u160} our bed and when i caught him, he actually stayed in the room with the woman for two more hours before the woman left and when i confronted him, he told me to get used to it. That was when i realized i meant nothing to him. I was just the mother of his children and that was all. After the incident, i was angry so i stopped talking to him for some time and he actually stopped giving me money for the house because of that. i realized he was in control of life because he was the one providing for me financially. I didnt have any sauce of income and he knew that. Now i have two toddlers. I was stuck and he knew that. I knew deep down within me that this was not the kind of life i want to live. He also threatened to take my children away if i tried to leave him. My situation was hopeless, he used my body anyhow he liked. My no never really mattered to him, he just did whatever he wanted to do with me anytime and anywhere he wanted. I fell into depression and stopped taking care of myself. I gained a lot of weight and basically just gave up on myself and that was when the insult started, he started calling me little fat pig, he called me dirty and useless. he told me i was nothing without him and all this while he was still bringing women to our house to sleep with them. i had literally lost all hopes when one of the women he brought saved my life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To be continued\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}.}}\par
\sect
}