{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy30\hr14\min42\sec23}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy30\hr14\min42\sec23}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar \qj{{\cf0\f0 Unemployment is one of the scourges in many African countries. The Universal Declaration of Human Rights, in its 23rd article, states that \uc0{\u8220}everyone has the right to work, to free choice of employment, to just and favorable conditions of work, and to protection against unemployment.\uc0{\u8221} But this is a great problem that many African youths fight with, and so did I. The reason for this fight is that, in most cases, Africans don\uc0{\u8217}t enjoy this right while they should.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \qj{{\cf0\f0 This very issue affects even the choice of concentration when it comes to the subject to learn at secondary and the university to be done. People don\uc0{\u8217}t usually choose the concentrations that seem appealing, but they also make their choices according to their chances of getting a job after studying.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \qj{{\cf0\f0 That is what happened to me. When I finished my primary school in our village in the east of the Democratic Republic of Congo, I chose mathematics and physics as my principal concentrations because I thought that this section was not likely to have a lot of candidates when we finished our secondary school, and then it should have been easy for us to seek job opportunities.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \qj{{\cf0\f0 After secondary school, since we couldn\uc0{\u8217}t find job opportunities according to our domain of studies, we decided to continue studying, and we went to university. As the same problem regarding employment was still a reality in our area, I decided to study electronics because I thought that electronics should have been a field that was more open, and I really don\uc0{\u8217}t need to be hired by a certain company to get a job. I could easily create my own job. Then I started learning, and after three years, I was done with my electronics courses.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \qj{{\cf0\f0 Since I was from a family that didn\uc0{\u8217}t have a lot of financial means, I tried to create my own business, but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t because to do so required having a starting capital, which was a struggle to get because of the financial state of my family. Then I made up my mind to start seeing the possibility of shifting and trying to resume the ideas I had before. I wonder, \uc0{\u8220}What if I can try to look for teaching opportunities even if I didn\uc0{\u8217}t get the teaching training?\uc0{\u8221} I realized that I should have tried this teaching industry and saw the possibility of finding a teaching job in the future.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \qj{{\cf0\f0 I decided to submit application letters for the teaching positions at different schools in my city. I thought this should have been an easy way to find a teaching opportunity. However, I came to realize that it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t really as easy as I thought it would be. Why am I saying that? It is simply because I spent more than four years looking for that position, but in vain.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \qj{{\cf0\f0 Since unemployment has become normal in my life, I could be sleeping up to 9 a.m. every day. One day, my neighbor came and knocked on my door. When I woke up, she told me that her husband, who is a headteacher at one of the schools in my city, was calling me to join him at their school. She could insist, saying that it was an emergency. Then I went to take a shower and get ready. When I reached the school, the headmaster welcomed me into his office and introduced me to the teachers\uc0{\u8217} representative. Suddenly, they asked me, We have been told that you are looking for a teaching position. Are you ready for teaching? This question had an obvious \uc0{\u8220}yes\uc0{\u8221} answer because of the endless unemployment we have been living in. Later, the head teacher asked me to get ready because I was going to start teaching on the spot.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \qj{{\cf0\f0 He came with a piece of chalk as well as a book and asked me to go into Form 1 to go and teach computer science. He went with me, introduced me to the class, and told the learners that I was their new computer science teacher. Then I started teaching. This lesson lasted for 50 minutes, which I spent without any problems. This was unbelievable because I had never thought about it before. After the lesson, the head teacher told me to go back to his office, where he told me, \uc0{\u8220}I observed your lesson, and I realize that you are a very nice teacher. There is no reason for me not to hire you.\uc0{\u8221} He brought the contract and told me that I needed to read it carefully and then sign it if I agreed with its terms and conditions. I just read it for fun, but I was ready to sign it even without reading it because of the unemployment and eternity I had lived in. After reading, I got the contract signed. This is how I became a teacher.}}\par
\sect
}