{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy27\hr15\min11\sec40}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy27\hr15\min11\sec40}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 How Refugee Women and Girls Lead: Part 2}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After 2 weeks because I had a lot of work to do at my place of work so I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t able to meet with her and finish up the questions but when my work load went down, I collected myself and went back to her house. It was on a Sunday evening, the weather was very cold and it was cloudy. I told my mum that I was going somewhere and I was going to come back later, I waited to go on this day because this is the only day that I was free and I knew she would be too and by good luck I got her doing\uc0{\u160}nothing just sitting at home while she was watching a TV and she welcomed me in her house and thus we had to continue where we had stopped.\uc0{\u160} Before we could continue from where we stopped, she said I should give her 5 minutes for her to prepare herself. Has she had gone, I looked around her house and It was so amazing and very cool. Everything was in place and well arranged, I loved the placed. She came back and said that she was now ready we can continue. I took out my note book and started:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Naimana Faridah: who inspired you to apply for this position?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Security Guard: \uc0{\u8216}\uc0{\u8217}I was not inspired by anyone but by the problems that people were facing in the community like fighting over resources, people falling sick at night and there was no help, people quarreling and also theft. This pushed me so much, I felt like I needed to do something to make a change and also to make people feel safe. If other women are afraid to face these challenges and the position to help, then I told myself I will stand up strongly and say yes to become a security guard in my community\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Naimana Faridah: Are you motivated or is there anyone who\uc0{\u160}motivated\uc0{\u160}you to join this position}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}Security Guard: \uc0{\u8220}My motivation comes from a few people in the community who truly believe in me and supports me. My passion for creating a difference in my community and seeing people being helped is what motivates me\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Naimana Faridah: Could you share with me how your family or the community reacted when you said you wanted to become a security guard:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Security Guard: \uc0{\u8216}\uc0{\u8217}At first it was very hard for them to accept a female security, believing that the responsibility of a security is too much for a woman to handle but now since they saw that I am really doing fine in this position, they have come a long. My family supported me from day one and they believed that yes, I was more than able to be in this position. They are always there for me when I need them and even give me advice where necessary. Due to different nationalities, some people who we are in the same block didn\uc0{\u8217}t appreciate the fact that I was becoming the security over their own people\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Naimana Faridah: Are there ways that you can suggest how girls and women can be supported in order to get into leadership positions roles and remain in them:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Security Guard: \uc0{\u8216}\uc0{\u8217}Culture and religion are the biggest factors that have belittled the women and girls and thus I think we should overcome these norms and beliefs that hinder them through educating and involving parents, elders and religious leaders in awareness of leadership of both genders. Encouraging and assuring them of the importance of them involving in leadership and how their leadership would change the world and the community. I also think UNHCR and other NGOs should create more leadership positions that will inspire and create more motivational activities that already women and girls in leadership cannot quit but be role models to the rest\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Naimana Faridah: Share some challenges that you think women and girls in the leadership position are facing both in the community and also in their place of work:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Security Guard: \uc0{\u8216}\uc0{\u8217}Gender gap in the refugee camp remains a big challenge and also a problem. unless the UNHCR, NGOs and refugee community members move beyond culture, tribalism, religion, and discrimination in order to make women leadership a diverse and accept inclusion. Women will be able to be creative, innovate and also contribute to their growth. Through UNHCR and NGOs, they have to take steps in order to support women leadership in the refugee camp by treating and giving them equal opportunities. Women need to stand up on their own for leadership positions in all sectors, political, organizational or communal. They will be able to use these experiences to find more opportunities that are presented on their way and thus building their confidence\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Naimana Faridah: Sharing your accomplishments will help other women and girls to be motivated to join the leadership position. Can you share some of your accomplishments as a security guard in your community?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Security Guard: \uc0{\u8216}\uc0{\u8217}All that I have accomplished has not only been me alone but along with others leaders. I got more support from other block leaders like the chairpersons, zonal leaders and even from the youth leaders. I would say that this is what we accomplished as the leaders of my block since I joined the leadership line.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My leadership has led to greater motivation and better results through empowering more women to stand up for these leadership positions in our community.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Encouraging women to get involved in more capacity building activities has brought a great impact to women in my community thus being self-reliant.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Due to our leadership having women in the community, it has brought more greater female decision making power and thus coming up with new strategies of how we can make our community a better place for our fellow women and girls\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Being in support of UNHCR and other NGOs, we have been able to present our case and thus to overcome the challenges that we were facing, policies were introduced in support of our favor for work-family balance. Empowering mothers to become more engaged in school-level education and decision making. Providing skills and confidence to girls so that they may be able to fight for their rights and also be leaders.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Naimana Faridah: what have you learned as security leader?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Security Guard: Being humble. If you are humble to the people as a leader, it creates a conducive environment thus building trust. People are able to share their plight with you knowing that you are able to listen to them and act immediately. Fight for what we want. I have learnt that as a female leader, I recommend that we should always fight for what we want and what is of benefit to our generation and the community. Many things stand in our way to become leaders, our culture, religion and beliefs may stand in our way but all these obstacles must come through fighting and being strong. Work to develop our community. Women are the light of a family and also a community. Their leadership has brought great change compared to the way when only men lead. Positive and innovative ideas are always being brought by women. Any communal development that we see now in the community is due to women leadership.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Naimana Faridah: what advice do you give to women and girls who would want to be leaders?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Security Guard: At first I feared to stand in the security position in our community, since this was the first time that a woman was going to be a security leader in my community. It\uc0{\u8217}s high time that no matter where we are or the situation that we are in, we should always \uc0{\u8216}stand as women and lead. Leadership is not only meant for men, let\uc0{\u8217}s wake up from our ancestral belief and be able to work for ourselves in order to develop and change our leadership structure. Being a woman who is a leader in the organization that I work for, I am really proud that I have achieved this so far. When I applied for this position I never knew that I would be given but now here I am.\uc0{\u160} Women should not be ashamed but be encouraged to go for what they want. I would like to end with this quote that has been like a shield to me throughout all my leadership days.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8220}Leadership is taking risks to do what others are not willing to do, it\uc0{\u8217}s not about age or experience, but it\uc0{\u8217}s about the will to change the situation\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Thank you so much for your time and I apologies for taking this long today because I wanted us to finish today so that I don\uc0{\u8217}t bother you again. I appreciate your time and cooperation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I left her house and it was very dark outside. I was inside and there was light, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t realize it was already dark. I started walking towards home but due to darkness I was nocking stones on the road. But good luck my home is not far from hers and eventually I reached.\uc0{\u160} I found my mum still awake because she was waiting for me, I had not eaten when I had gone so I was starving. She asked me if I had finished and I told her yes. I sat and she brought for me food. I finished my food and I went to sleep. I was so tired that the moment I reached inside my room I immediately went to bed and slept.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I woke up the next day since I slept when I was very tired. I went outside and washed myself. Since it was on a Monday and I had to go to work, I left for work and when I reached I had to take out my note book and write down all the research questions that I had already interviewed but I still felt that I was missing something but it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t clear what that was, so I ignored the feeling and continued with my writing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I was done writing, something came into my mind and I realized what I was missing was to conduct another interview on why the women are selling only vegetables in the market but not owning shops. This was my next step.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}