{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo12\dy10\hr12\min24\sec04}{\revtim \yr2022\mo12\dy10\hr12\min24\sec04}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two women were sitting under a shade that was constructed out of old rugs with some small 4 sticks holding on. They were selling some green vegetables and when you enter into the markets of kakuma in any location, they are in all corners because this is the only business in the camp that doesn\uc0{\u8217}t require much capital. I approached them and bought some kales from them for 50 ksh. The kales\uc0{\u160} were very green and fresh from the shamba, they looked very attractive and appealing to the eyes. I was so attracted to them. It was already evening and the street was very buzzy. People were up and down since that was the time many were coming back from work and entering into shops to buy what they could go and prepare at their homes. It was a bit cold that day and it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t windy like some days.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One of them asked if I am a nearby resident and I told her yes but I saw double in her face and I asked why? Then she told me that she has never seen me coming to buy vegetables around and I told her that I usually come back late from work and that\uc0{\u8217}s why I don\uc0{\u8217}t buy vegetables on a daily basis.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I took that opportunity to ask them why they are selling from the streets and not in the shops, here is what they said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}When I first came to the camp from South Sudan, I never think could sell vegetables on the streets because I was getting money from my relatives to feed my children but when the economy of my country went down, things became so hard on us and thus I started selling vegetables. I had rented a room so that I could sell some glossaries. During that time we could send glossaries from the far town called Kitale and be as these are perishable goods and it could take 2-3 days. By the time these goods reach us, some come in very bad condition. Our money could go like that. I tried for 3 months and I was getting nothing out of it only losses thus I stopped and closed the shop\uc0{\u8221} Mary said.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}I felt pity and at the same time very disappointed on how the host country government really handles issues of roads. I remember when we came to the camp in 2005, travelling from Nairobi, the capital city of Kenya took us 24 hrs in a bus. The roads were in such bad shape that when we reached, we couldn\uc0{\u8217}t sit straight. Our legs were swollen due to the long distance and the bad road. I remember in the bus people who sat at the back were complaining because the ditches were so many and they could jump up and down. One of the women who was in the last seat was vomiting non stop but the drivers did nothing because the road was so bad.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When she talked about the road problem this reminded me of that moment.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was interrupted by another seller who also said something but because I was lost In my own thoughts, I asked her what she had said and she repeated.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I was just adding on to what my sister said, owning a shop is very hard and so expensive, especially for us mama\uc0{\u160}mboga( women selling vegetables). We are lucky\uc0{\u160} that people still come and buy vegetables from us and this is all thanks to the Burundi people who started farming here in the camp. Now instead of sending and buying vegetables from Kitale, we are able to buy them here and sell them while they are still fresh. Before we struggled a lot and many had stopped selling vegetables because of the loss they were under going but since now we are able to buy vegetables here, many have come back and also others have joined\uc0{\u8221} said Anna}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I grabbed this opportunity to get their stories from where we had ended the last part. We needed to know why they didn\uc0{\u8217}t own shops to sell their vegetables but they are in the streets. This is my chance and I won\uc0{\u8217}t\uc0{\u160} let it\uc0{\u160} out of my hands. I took the stone that was just at the corner and sat.\uc0{\u160} since it was still very early in the evening. The sun had not yet set and since the camp is very hot, the sun sets very late. Even until 7:00 the place is still very bright.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 People were still moving up and down buying different commodities. Many shops were still open and there was a lot of noise coming from the motorcyclists since the curfew in the camp for motorcycles is at 6:30 for refugees and the host can work all night. There was a lot of dust on the road, remember these women they sell along the streets. But I didn\uc0{\u8217}t lose focus.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So, how much does someone need to start a vegetable business?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}For me it didn\uc0{\u8217}t require much. I only began with 500 ksh because I only sell Murere ( which is a Sudanese name for a type of slippery vegetable). From the garden, it\uc0{\u8217}s the most planted and since the majority of the nationalities eat it, the business booms. Since I began selling vegetables that we buy here in the camp, I have earned good money and I even save. We have a women\uc0{\u8217}s group where we always save 50 ksh per day and from this money I am able to pay school fees for my children and also change a balanced diet for my family unlike before\uc0{\u8221} Mary said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I am also part of that group and it has helped a lot of women in the camp even in the host. Before I started selling here in the camp, I was in the streets of the host in town selling there before the host people realised the benefit of selling vegetables and then they started. Due to conflict I had to move back to the camp and thus that was when I was also to join the group. I started with 1000 ksh because as you can see I sell different vegetables and thus combining them together requires more money too\uc0{\u8221} Anna said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After listening to all these and seeing how happy they were talking while smiling, I just knew how much they lived, what they were doing and how they valued their work. Sitting under that heat, noise and storm, could I have managed? I asked myself this question and yet I had no answer.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since customers had started coming in numbers I had to stop their so that I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t interrupt their business and yet I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t going to pay them. I had to watch them for a while smiling back and helping serve the customers. Putting the vegetables in the wrapping paper. I then left since it was getting late and a lot of customers had come.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But while I was walking back home, I asked myself how are people really farming in this semi-arid area and where are they getting water for\uc0{\u160} watering the vegetables? Should I go to the shamba and see it for myself? I had no answer to that question. Because my mind was still occupied with many thoughts, I was concentrating on my movement\uc0{\u160} and I had not realised that I had even passed our main gate going into other people\uc0{\u8217}s communities.\uc0{\u160} The road had started becoming too narrow and when I bumped into someone, that\uc0{\u8217}s where I realised that I had gone in the wrong direction. I laughed at myself and turned back and I headed home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I reached home I was still in a dilemma and realised that even if I have stayed in the camp for more than 17 years, I still don\uc0{\u8217}t know\uc0{\u160} a lot of things happening in some areas of the camp. My mum asked why I was late and I shared with her everything that u had just discovered and she just laughed at me and asked if I really stayed in the camp or I am only here physically but psychologically I am not, because everyone knows where the farms are and she thought that I did too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was confused more because I also realised that I was in the camp but also at the same time, I was not there.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hey, what do you think about our next part? Shall we go for the Gardens to know all about the plantation and the procedure?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Leave your comment down here.}}\par
\sect
}