{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo09\dy13\hr17\min15\sec41}{\revtim \yr2022\mo09\dy13\hr17\min15\sec41}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 BY: NAIMANA FARIDAHDATE: 19/9/2020}\par
{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kakuma Refugee Camp is located in Turkana District of the northwestern region of Kenya, 120 kilometers from Lodwar District Headquarters and 95 kilometers from the Lokichoggio Kenya-Sudan border. Kakuma Refugee Camp serves refugees who have been forcibly displaced from their home countries due to war or persecution. It was established in 1992 to serve Sudanese refugees, and has since expanded to serve refugees from Somalia, Ethiopia, Burundi, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Eritrea, Uganda, and Rwanda. According to current UNHCR statistics, the camp population stands at just close to 180,000 refugees. In 2007, Kakuma Refugee Camp hosted 21% of the total refugee population in Kenya (UNHCR Fact Sheet, September 2008).}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kakuma Refugee Camp is administered by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR). The UNHCR is assisted in its duties by a wide range of organizations, including World Food Program (WFP), International Organization for Migration (IOM), Lutheran World Federation (LWF), International Rescue Committee (IRC), Jesuit Refugee Services (JRS), National Council of Churches of Kenya (NCCK), Windle Trust Kenya (WTK), Film Aid International, and Salesians of Don Bosco in Kenya. Life in the semi-arid desert environment of Kakuma is rather challenging. The area has always been full of problems: dust storms, high temperatures, poisonous spiders, snakes, and scorpions, outbreaks of malaria, cholera, and other hardships. The average daytime temperature is 40 degrees Celsius, or 104 degrees Fahrenheit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since the camp was established, the UNHCR and other Organizations introduced a leadership system where by refugee may lead their own refugee people since they understood their fellow refugees and live with them in the same communities. The leadership structure was established in order for both men and women to lead but due to some cultural beliefs and norms from different nationalities like gender roles, a belief that women are not good decision makers, women can\uc0{\u8217}t talk when men talk, women can never rule. The community thinks that women lack potential to lead and thus leave them behind on decision making issues. Women know the problems that families and communities face thus them leading would make a}{\cf0\f0\i  great difference and support the development of the community since they know better what the community needs are. Women in leadership are role models to the generation and the society at large.}{\cf0\f0  Despite the cultural challenges, there are still women who have stood up firm in the leadership positions and here I have shared their story on how they lead. I will share with you an interviews that I conducted with one of the woman who is working as a Security in the community.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 WHAT DOES LEADERSHIP LOOK LIKE TO YOU?}\par
{{\cf0\f0 As a security who has worked of a period of now 3 years, I would say that leadership is to stand up for other people and being a good listener. \uc0{\u160}Many people are facing so many problems in the community and thus has a leader being a good problem solver should describe a person as a leader.\uc0{\u160} People will always want someone who is humble, caring and loving to be their leader.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 HOW LONG HAVE YOU WORKED AS A SECURITY IN YOUR COOMUNITY?}\par
{{\cf0\f0 If I am not wrong I think it\uc0{\u8217}s now 3 years working under Refugee Affairs Secretariat (RAS) as a block leader.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 WHY DID YOU CHOOSE TO BE A FEMALE SECURITY IN YOUR COMMUNITY?}\par
{{\cf0\f0 There was great need of a security personal in my area since I am in zone 1 which is comprised of 4 blocks in each zone and thus that means I would work and stand up for all the 4 blocks. When the election time came, I noticed that only men were standing up. That is when I decided that now it\uc0{\u8217}s time for me to stand up in this position. This turned out to be a very big problem since not only people from my nationality or block, but also the others were not able to accept the truth that a woman was standing up in this position. This position comes up with many responsibility which many people think women can\uc0{\u8217}t handle it. \uc0{\u160}Like:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Waking up at night to call for an ambulance for emergency medical cases.Solving community conflicts.Reporting violence crimes to the police.Holding and attending meetings with the community and the RAS.}\par
{{\cf0\f0 Due to discrimination and tribalism that was in our zone, I saw it as high time to stand up and fight for the rights of the oppressed. When non-food items where to be distributed to the community for people in need, there was a lot of corruption. People gave items according to their own people and that is when I realized something need to be done. And yes, here I am now. Standing up for people\uc0{\u8217}s right. I also saw that being in this position was one way that I could be able to solve and discuss challenges that the people where facing to the concerned organizations.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 WHO INSPIRED YOU TO BE IN THIS POSITION?}\par
{{\cf0\f0 I was not inspired by anyone but by the problems that people where facing in the community. This pushed me so much and I was like, if other women are afraid to face this and help, then I stood up strongly and yes become a security in my community.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 WHAT KEEPS YOU MOTIVATED?}\par
{{\cf0\f0 My motivation comes from a few people in the community who truly believe in me and supports me. My passion for creating a difference in my community and seeing people being helped is what motivates me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 HOW DID YOUR FAMILY OR COMMUNITY REACT WHEN YOU BECAME A SECURITY?}\par
{{\cf0\f0 At first it was very hard for them to accept a female security, believing that the responsibility of a security is too much for a woman to handle but now since they saw that I am really doing fine in this position, they have come a long. My family supported from day one and they believed that yes, I was more than able to be in this position. They are always there for me when I need them and even give me advise were necessary. Due to different nationalities, some people who we are in the same block didn\uc0{\u8217}t appreciate the truth that I was becoming the security over their own people.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 HOW DO YOU THINK GIRLS AND WOMEN SHOULD BE SUPPORTED IN ORDER TO GET INTO LEADERSHIP ROLES AND REMAIN IN THOSE ROLES?}\par
{{\cf0\f0 Culture and religion are the biggest factor that has belittled the women and girls and thus I think we should overcome these norms and believes that hinder them through educating and involving parents, elders and religious leaders in awareness on leadership of both gender. Encouraging and assuring them of the importance of them involving in leadership and how their leadership would change the world and the community. I also think UNHCR and other NGOs should create more leadership positions that will inspire and create more motivational activities that already women and girls in leadership cannot quit but role model to the rest.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 WHAT CHALLENGES AND OPPORTUNITIES ARE GIRLS AND WOMEN IN LEADERSHIP FACING AT BOTH PLACE OF WORK AND COMMUNITY LEVEL?}\par
{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Gender gap in the refugee camp remains a big challenge and also a problem. unless the UNHCR, NGOs and refugee community members move beyond culture, tribalism, religion, and discrimination in order to make women leadership a diverse and accept inclusion. Women will be able to be creative, innovate and also contributing to their growth.Through UNHCR and NGOs, they have to take step in order to support women leadership in the refugee camp by treating and giving them equally opportunities. Women need to stand up on their own for leadership position in all sectors, political, organizational or communal. They will be able to use these experiences into finding more opportunities that are presented on their way and thus building their confidence.WHAT ARE YOU MOST PROUD OF THAT YOU\uc0{\u8217}VE BEEN ABLE TO ACCOMPLISH HAS A SECURITY IN YOUR COMMUNITY?}\par
{{\cf0\f0 All that I have accomplished as not only been me alone but along with others leaders. I got more support from other block leaders like the chairpersons, zonal leaders and even from the youth leaders. I would say that this is what we accomplished as the leaders of my block since I joined into the leadership line.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0\i My leadership has a security has led to greater motivation and better results through empowering more women to stand up for these leadership position in our community.}\par
{{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0\i Encouraging women to get involved in more capacity building activities has brought a great impact to women in my community thus being self-reliant. }\par
{{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0\i Due to our leadership has women in the community, it has brought more greater female decision making power and thus coming up with new strategies of how we can make our community a better place for our fellow women and girls.}\par
{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Being in support of UNHCR and other NGOs, we have been able to present our case and thus to overcome the challenges that we were facing, policies were introduced in support of our favor for work-family balance.}\par
{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Empowering mothers to become more engaged in school-level education and decision making. Providing skills and confidence to girls so that they may be able to fight for their right and also be leaders.WHAT HAVE YOU LEARNED AS SECURITY LEADER?}\par
{{\cf0\f0 Being humble. If you are humble to the people has a leader, it creates a conducive environment thus building trust. People are able to share their plight with you knowing that you are able to listen to them and act immediately. Fight for what we want. I have learnt that as a female leader, I recommend that we should always fight for what we want and what it of benefit to our generation and the community. Many things many stand on our way to become leaders, our culture, religion and beliefs may stand on our way but all these obstacles must be come through fighting and being strong. Work to develop our community. Women are the light of a family and also a community. Their leadership has brought great change compared to the way when only men lead. Positive and innovative ideas are always being brought by women. Any communal development that we see now in the community are due to women leadership.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 WHAT ADVICE DO YOU GIVE TO WOMEN AND GIRLS WHO WOULD WHANT TO BE LEADERS?}\par
{{\cf0\f0 At first I feared to stand in the security position in our community, since this was the first time that a woman was going to be a security leader in my community. It\uc0{\u8217}s high time that no matter where we are or the situation that we are in, we should always \uc0{\u8216}stand as women and lead. Leadership is not only meant for men, lets wakeup from our ancestral belief and be able to work for ourselves in order to develop and change our leadership structure. Being a women who is a leader in the organization that I work for, I am really proud that I have achieved this so far. When I applied for this position I never knew that I would be given but now here I am.\uc0{\u160} Women should not be ashamed but be encouraged go for what they want. I would like to end with this quote that has been like a shield to me throughout all my leadership days.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8220}Leadership is taking risk to do what others are not willing to do, it\uc0{\u8217}s not about age or experience, but it\uc0{\u8217}s about the will to change the situation\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}