{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy27\hr15\min31\sec27}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy27\hr15\min31\sec27}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I grew up in a broken home with parents who struggled with alcohol addiction. They did not mind taking me to school. My parents often left me to fend for myself. I moved from place to place looking for scrap metal and plastic to sell and have something to eat. I joined bad peer groups then found solace in drugs and alcohol which led me down a dark path of addiction and crime. I was arrested multiple times and spent time in jail, but it seemed like I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t break free from these destructive habits.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, a friend invited me to attend a church service. I was hesitant at first, but something in me felt drawn to the idea. As I listened to the sermon, I felt a sense of peace and belonging that I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t felt in a long time. The pastor talked about forgiveness and the love of God, and for the first time in my life, I felt like I could be forgiven for my past mistakes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After the service, I approached the pastor and told him about my past while shedding tears. I had expected to be judged or turned away, but instead, the pastor embraced me with open arms and told me that God loved us all just the way we present ourselves to him. I was overwhelmed with emotion and felt a weight lifted off my shoulders.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Over the next few weeks, I started attending church regularly and reading the Bible. I found comfort in the words and felt like I was beginning to understand the meaning of life. I started to see the beauty in the world around God and my perspective on life began to shift.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But even with my newfound faith, I would at times relapse because the bad friends were still around me. I struggled with this guilt and shame for a long time. I felt like I didn\uc0{\u8217}t deserve to be forgiven, and\uc0{\u160} couldn\uc0{\u8217}t shake the feeling that I was a bad person. I talked to the pastor about my struggles, and the pastor reminded me that everyone makes mistakes, and that God\uc0{\u8217}s love is unconditional.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Slowly but surely, I started to accept that I was worthy of love and forgiveness. I soon began to let go of my past and focus on the present. I stopped being around bad peers, using drugs and alcohol and started to rebuild my life in the right direction.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After some time, I grew in the faith and made up my mind on serving Christ, I was baptized in front of the congregation. As I emerged from the water, I felt like a new person though I also\uc0{\u160} knew that I still had a long way to go. This was the new beginning for me, it was the right path.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Years went by and I continued to attend church and grow in my faith, I participated in church activities like door to door preaching. After almost two years in church work, I got a job and decided to start a family. I still thought about my past from time to time, but I knew that God had forgiven me and I was loved.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, I was approached by a young man who was struggling with addiction. The young man told me that he didn\uc0{\u8217}t think he could ever be forgiven for the things he had done. He reminded me of the same challenges I faced when I first attended church. I sat him down and shared my own life story and told him that I too had made mistakes but that God\uc0{\u8217}s love was bigger than any mistake. The young man listened intently, and after a few moments, he started to cry. I put my arms around him and told him that everything was going to be okay.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I walked away from the conversation, I felt grateful for my past. I knew that without it, I wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t be where I am today. I also knew that I had a responsibility to share my story with others who were struggling. I felt like God had given me a second chance in\uc0{\u160} life, and I was determined to make the most of it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the end, my journey to accepting Christ was not an easy one, but it was worth it. My past may have been full of mistakes, but I was able to use it to help others who were struggling. I knew that I was loved, and was grateful for the second chance that God had given me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}