{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy10\hr06\min05\sec52}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy10\hr06\min05\sec52}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Where am I?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s your turn. Are you ready?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What are you talking about? What turn What do you mean by ready? Am I daydreaming?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Do you remember who you are, and do you have your past memories?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yes, I do remember who I am, I just don\uc0{\u8217}t know where I am.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s ok. Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry. Can you tell me what was happening in your world or where you have been living? What are your last updates?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Well, it was like everyone was talking about a new change in the world, where everyone should play good.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Hmm, so you don\uc0{\u8217}t know it completely. Let me clarify for you. You are someone who has been born approximately between 29.3767\uc0{\u176} N and 66.2557\uc0{\u176} E. And I am a robot created by humans. My name is \uc0{\u8221}Society Expectations.\uc0{\u8221} My job is to make this world a better place for all by encouraging everyone to forgive those who have wronged them, allowing them to become innocent and catalyzing positive change for all.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What? Encourage forgiveness to change the world?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Absolutely! It\uc0{\u8217}s simple. If individuals forgive those who have wronged them, we can create a world where thoughts of revenge no longer exist. There would be no distinctions based on social class, appearance, wealth, gender, or other differences. Instead, we would have a world that is fair and just for everyone.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What about our past? \uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Everything will be finished now, and a new world will be built instead.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Interesting. So you\uc0{\u8217}re saying we should forgive all those who did bad to us. So you want to erase all our bad memories, right?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}No, not at all. I just believe in forgiving for oneself to find innocence, not erasing memories. I don\uc0{\u8217}t have any plan to delete your memories.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What? What about those who did bad to us? Who ruined our lives\uc0{\u8230} Do you think it\uc0{\u8217}s easy to forgive without forgetting? And do you think everyone would accept this unconventional process? To be honest, I believe that every person who oppresses us deserves punishment. If we simply forgive them, we have deprived them of their due.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}It seems like you have a lot of people to forgive, and I know that can be tough. But what I\uc0{\u8217}m asking you to do is for the best for all \uc0{\u8211} let\uc0{\u8217}s leave the past behind. What\uc0{\u8217}s done is done.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}The psychological trauma I\uc0{\u8217}ve endured can only be healed by losing my memory. And how can I forgive without a specific reason to do so?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}You\uc0{\u8217}re not the first who\uc0{\u8217}s been in this situation. There have been billions before you, and eventually, they found a way to forgive. Humans are complicated creatures. They say one thing and then\uc0{\u8230} they act differently. So, let\uc0{\u8217}s not make this difficult.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m not interested in continuing this. let me leave.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m sorry, but no one can leave without completing the process.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Hey you\uc0{\u8217}re just a machine made by people like me. You don\uc0{\u8217}t get to tell me what to do. I\uc0{\u8217}m leaving now. Even your presence here makes me feel worse, your strange voice and that nonsense mirror there for no purpose.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Yeah, you\uc0{\u8217}re right. I may be just a robot created by people, but I\uc0{\u8217}m the culmination of millions of individuals\uc0{\u8217} work spanning hundreds of years. And if I were to tell you what\uc0{\u8217}s behind this mirror, you might not believe me. There are billions of people waiting, billions who I could start the forgiveness process for on your behalf. Wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t you want to cooperate with them? \uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Hmm\uc0{\u8230} billions of people have noticed you, and are waiting for you to\uc0{\u8230}I want to cooperate, but I\uc0{\u8217}m struggling to adapt to this new world you mentioned. My resentments and anger are holding me back, and I don\uc0{\u8217}t think I can perform well while carrying these negative feelings. I\uc0{\u8217}ve been through a lot of changes, and I don\uc0{\u8217}t believe that simply forgiving will solve everything; it might even make things worse in the end.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}So try to change yourself.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} It\uc0{\u8217}s difficult for me to accept the idea of changing myself when I\uc0{\u8217}m not even sure how I ended up feeling this way. Now you\uc0{\u8217}re asking me to change, which feels overwhelming.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}let\uc0{\u8217}s approach this differently. You said you have been through a lot of changes. Can you tell me, what kind of changes you noticed?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Well, you want to help me? I used to be a courageous girl, steadfast in the face of tough situations and indifferent to those who tried to hurt me. I\uc0{\u8217}ve been through some really challenging times \uc0{\u8211} in fact, I\uc0{\u8217}d say the worst has happened. I used to be indifferent, but now that indifference has led me to act irrationally. Sometimes, I feel like I\uc0{\u8217}ve lost touch with who I used to be. Dwelling on what I should have done differently to avoid becoming this person drives me crazy.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Could you please share some of the challenging experiences that you mentioned earlier?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Do the billions of people behind the mirror you mentioned have the ability to hear us?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}No, they will only hear when the process of forgiveness begins. You will be asked to forgive three times, with a 2-minute break between each. If you succeed, you will join those billions of people, and the new world will begin. So feel free now.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Okay, I guess I should start from my childhood. When I was young, my father used to hit my mom. They always told us to stay out of it. My sisters would cry whenever they heard our mom crying. What\uc0{\u8217}s strange is that even though I was younger than my sisters, I never cried.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s a family issue\uc0{\u8230} there\uc0{\u8217}s more to it.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Then, when I was at school, I struggled to get good grades. During parent-teacher sessions, my mom would come home and mention my classmates\uc0{\u8217} names, asking if I knew them. She\uc0{\u8217}d then point out that they had received good scores and their parents were proud. I would just look at her and couldn\uc0{\u8217}t say anything. I never even defended myself.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}I find that so interesting! What else is bothering you?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Well, when my classmate\uc0{\u8217}s father came to pick them up from school, they exchanged kisses on the cheek and then their father hugged them and playfully threw them up in the sky. But I had to go home alone, without any hugs, no playing in the sky, no kisses. I just watched them, feeling a mix of emotions that I can\uc0{\u8217}t quite describe. Even now, whenever I hear about someone\uc0{\u8217}s father, those memories come flooding back, and I don\uc0{\u8217}t know why. They\uc0{\u8217}ve really stayed with me and I can\uc0{\u8217}t seem to shake them off\uc0{\u8212}it\uc0{\u8217}s like they\uc0{\u8217}re haunting me.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}What else is troubling you at the moment?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}You mentioned the geographical area where I used to live. So you might know that a new group has taken over my country. When they took control of my city, there were rumors that they would force young girls into marriage. At that time, I was 18, and all the girls, including my sisters, were terrified. Some families hide their girls in basements, while others arranged marriages with relatives. Surprisingly, I remained completely calm as if nothing had happened.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}And what about after that?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Well, a few months later, they banned girls from getting an education. This was devastating for everyone, not just the girls, but also their families and even the boys. However, I felt nothing, not even sadness.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Is there anything else that has been deeply distressing you?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}No.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Okay. Since you mentioned having difficult experiences, could you share how you felt in those situations and what thoughts were running through your mind, starting from when your father hit your mom?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}At that moment, I was consumed with anger towards my father. I even had thoughts of harming him. I\uc0{\u8217}m not sure if you can relate, but it felt like having a tyrannical father, where the victim of this tyranny was none other than my mom. It felt like being torn apart from both sides. Now I feel like I can never measure up to the ideal of a perfect human living a perfect life. Parts of myself seemed to have withered away in the very home where I grew up.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}So you wanted to hurt him so bad that he would die? Your emotions during tough times can help us overcome them more easily. Can you share how you felt when your parents blamed you for your scores?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I felt absolutely ridiculous. I always wanted to express myself or simply cry to show them that I was not happy about it either, and that I did my best even if I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t do as well as I wanted. It wasn\uc0{\u8217}t my fault. But I never could.\uc0{\u160}You know what? Now that I\uc0{\u8217}m getting older, I\uc0{\u8217}m glad that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t cry or say anything. I should have told them that they are not ideal parents and I\uc0{\u8217}m not their ideal child. They brought me into this world. It\uc0{\u8217}s their job to make me feel good, to help build my character. They didn\uc0{\u8217}t even ask me if I wanted to be born. So I\uc0{\u8217}m the one who should have expectations of them, not the other way around.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s strange\uc0{\u8230} but tell me, how did you feel and what did you think when you saw other fathers coming to school for their kids?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I told you about that. I said I cannot recall anything.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}It seems like this conversation is really affecting you. Are you feeling shaky because you opened up to me? Or is there more to it? Is there something else you haven\uc0{\u8217}t shared with me?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}No, I\uc0{\u8230} I don\uc0{\u8217}t know.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Hey, it\uc0{\u8217}s okay. Why are you crying? Take a deep breath, everything will be okay.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yeah, I deleted some parts. Maybe the parts\uc0{\u8230} to be honest, I haven\uc0{\u8217}t even been a courageous girl. Not an indifferent girl. I was so sensitive. More than a normal human.\uc0{\u160}I told you about my dad, whenever he hit my mom. Yeah, it\uc0{\u8217}s true I didn\uc0{\u8217}t cry, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t scream, but it\uc0{\u8217}s not like I did nothing. I always went to another room and pulled my hair until my hands were full of my hair. I got used to that, to the extent that everyone thought I had hair loss.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Whoa! So instead of doing something positive, you resorted to hurting yourself\uc0{\u8230}You also mentioned how your mom used to compare you with your classmates, and despite always wanting to defend yourself, you\uc0{\u8217}re now glad you didn\uc0{\u8217}t. You believe you shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t have tried to be their ideal child when they weren\uc0{\u8217}t your ideal parents. How did you manage to address all of that? Is there anything else you\uc0{\u8217}d like to share that you haven\uc0{\u8217}t told me yet?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I actually didn\uc0{\u8217}t feel the need to get out of that situation; I found it quite fulfilling. Have you ever found yourself in a situation where you wanted to be acknowledged?\uc0{\u160}At first, I did want to defend myself, but then I realized that\uc0{\u8217}s when my parents actually paid attention to me. The interesting part was when they both blamed me together \uc0{\u8211} it seemed like they were finally on the same side. It was around that time that my father stopped hitting my mom. I realized that I could stop them from fighting, and I felt relieved. But then, something unexpected happened. I started to perform poorly in tests and couldn\uc0{\u8217}t achieve good scores.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Hold on! Did you say that you unexpectedly couldn\uc0{\u8217}t pass any tests and get good scores? Or did you lose your influence?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}You asked if I could potentially achieve a good score unexpectedly or if I risk losing my influence.\uc0{\u160}Let me pose a question to you: If you\uc0{\u8217}ve been dealing with a problem for a long time and finally discover a solution, what would you do?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Naturally, I would utilize the solution to solve my problem.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}To what extent would you utilize that solution?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Until I completely rid myself of the problem.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Have you found your answer?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Are you suggesting that you consider your poor scores and the blame from your parents as a solution to halt their arguing?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Wasn\uc0{\u8217}t that a solution?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}It seems like I\uc0{\u8217}m not really built for providing clarity in situations. Let\uc0{\u8217}s keep going. And about you not being able to remember how you felt when you saw your classmates having fun with their fathers after school, were you being honest with me? Did you ever find a way to overcome that, just like you\uc0{\u8217}ve tackled other challenges?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yeah, I had a solution for that as well. It seemed like a divine intervention because they only needed one angle. I tried to make the situation fair by doing things that would make the teacher dislike them. During off periods, I started tearing their notebooks and crossing out their homework. Strangely, the teacher began to dislike them, and when I tore their fourth notebook, even their fathers got angry and came to the school to see what was happening in our class.\uc0{\u160}That\uc0{\u8217}s when I realized that we can make our own lives fair.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Do you think this is fair?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Isn\uc0{\u8217}t it?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}It seems you have something else to tell me.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yeah, When I found out that they marry young girls to themselves, one thing became obvious to me \uc0{\u8211} no one will choose an unattractive girl. Can you see the scar on my face? I did it myself with a purpose, with the hope that every time I see it in the mirror, it will remind me of my courage. It was the starting point where I discovered my strength. When I first started inserting the knife into my forehead, there was some pain at first, but by the time it reached my cheek, I no longer felt any pain, only a sense of calmness. It was so calming that I still can\uc0{\u8217}t forget that feeling.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Do you think it was the only solution?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}No, but the best one.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Do you remember when you decided to cut your hair? It\uc0{\u8217}s unusual for a girl your age to go for such a short haircut.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yeah, when I started university, I spent a lot of time there. It was my way of escaping the constant fighting with my dad. I found solace in focusing on my studies and staying at the university. I mentioned before the new restrictions on women\uc0{\u8217}s education. So once again, I find myself back home, reliving those difficult days \uc0{\u8211} the crying, the screaming\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u160}It\uc0{\u8217}s thoughtless of them to bring me back to those painful memories. Who gave them the right? They don\uc0{\u8217}t understand how hard I tried to move past that point. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to revisit my past. So, I decided to see what it\uc0{\u8217}s like to live as a man. To not be forced into marriage. To have the freedom where no one would bring up my past and drag me back there again\uc0{\u8230}Is there more to being a man than just getting rid of unnecessary hair? Recently, out of nowhere, both my mom and dad have been noticing me\uc0{\u8230} and they\uc0{\u8217}ve been arguing with each other about it. I could see both of them on the same side for a short while, but unfortunately, it didn\uc0{\u8217}t last.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Hey they\uc0{\u8217}re asking me to begin your process of forgiveness.\uc0{\u160}I want you to forgive anyone you feel has wronged you. I know it\uc0{\u8217}s difficult, but if you want all of this to end, it\uc0{\u8217}s the only way. I was hoping I could help you by understanding everything about you, just as I\uc0{\u8217}ve done for all these other people. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what\uc0{\u8217}s different about you, and honestly, I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what to say or do. After all, I\uc0{\u8217}m just a robot, as you said.\uc0{\u160}}{\cf0\f0\i So, let\uc0{\u8217}s begin your forgiveness process.\uc0{\u160}Greetings, human. I am a robot my name is Human Expectation, I want to encourage you to forgive and join billions of people in starting a new life in a world without the burdens of the past. Nothing will continue as you have experienced.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I can not. I told you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}This is your first two second break. Tell me exactly who you cannot forgive. Your dad?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}My dad who hit my mom. My mom who acted like a victim and did nothing. My teacher who mad the process harder for me. And scolded me for my low scores. Without knowing why I was doing that. My school classmates who never noticed it was me who ruined their notebooks and let me continue doing that. My university classmates who labeled me as mentally ill and isolated me. for being always worry and made the only place of my calm, a nightmare for me. The new regime that took my only calm and get me back to my past. The society who made me stuck at my past again. how much it was hard for them to accept this scar and don\uc0{\u8217}t make any rumor about that. And kept testing the only and last patience I had left.\uc0{\u160}Even the God who created this world unfairly. Was it necessary that someone else come to make the unfair life that he had mapped out for us fair in any possible way?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Your second chance at forgiveness has begun. Greetings, human. I am a robot my name is Human Expectation\uc0{\u8230}. \uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I truly wish I could, but it\uc0{\u8217}s beyond my control.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Hey, if you haven\uc0{\u8217}t had a good past, focus on creating a better tomorrow.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I really want to do that, but I\uc0{\u8217}m haunted by the fear that my past will continue to impact my future.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Tell me, how can I break you free from this cycle?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I want my childhood back. But this time like other children. I want a kind dad a heroine mom. A understanding teacher. No gossiping society\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}This is not what I can done for you. \uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yeah you can not do anything for me. At least tell me, what happens if I can\uc0{\u8217}t find it in me to forgive throughout this process?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}You will be consumed by bitterness and become someone you don\uc0{\u8217}t recognize. A monster\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}A monster?but I believe we are all at least the monster of hatred in someone\uc0{\u8217}s narrative.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Maybe you are right but\uc0{\u8230}. The third phase of your journey toward forgiveness has begun. Greetings, human. I am a robot my name is Human Expectation\uc0{\u8230}. \uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}You\uc0{\u8217}ll never truly understand my pain. I feel like I\uc0{\u8217}m a prisoner to all those who have hurt me, insulted me, and made me full of anger and resentment. I want them to experience even a fraction of the emotions I\uc0{\u8217}ve had. Let them know what it feels like, and then see if they can handle it\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}ve told you I can\uc0{\u8217}t take any action against those in power over me.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}They may have gone through their forgiveness process, but I just need to know, did they genuinely feel remorse for what they did to me, or was it just a formality?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}I can\uc0{\u8217}t do it. You mentioned captivity? You\uc0{\u8217}ve}{\cf0\f0\i told me about the person you used to be, but I forgot to ask about the person you\uc0{\u8217}ve become. Tell me that now. Maybe that\uc0{\u8217}s why you can\uc0{\u8217}t forgive.\uc0{\u8221} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s no longer important.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}It is important. If you can\uc0{\u8217}t forgive, you\uc0{\u8217}ll become a monster.\uc0{\u8221} Please tell me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Did you know, I\uc0{\u8217}ve always had nightmares about paying for something in this life that I did in a previous one. Let\uc0{\u8217}s make that nightmare a reality.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m asking you one last time to forgive.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Let\uc0{\u8217}s end this cycle of carrying around a corpse and waiting for it to rot.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Now you\uc0{\u8217}ll become a monster.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}You didn\uc0{\u8217}t understand anything I said. I\uc0{\u8217}ve been seeing this monster in the mirror for a long time now.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\sect
}