{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy14\hr06\min31\sec39}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy14\hr06\min31\sec39}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I walk towards the people\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Who seem to me sculptures}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When many have lost\uc0{\u160} direction}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As all are walking past me and I am in the centre}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 If no one talks to other, then\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am the strangest strange one amongst all}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I know that I am not like others}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From my background, my vanished ground\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I ask one of them my home address\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But words are, to me, strange.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I shake my head \uc0{\u8220}Okay\uc0{\u8221}, but still lost!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Just can understand their understanding.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I step to the station, as a passenger waiting.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I want to take seat, but there are eyes around\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Around me, all in a round\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Some narrow with fear, some wide with interest\uc0{\u8230}..DO SOMETHING WITH THIS IMAGE OF EYES}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But, I have my own station\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 and will stop\uc0{\u160}there with this train.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I leave.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Here is my unknown destination.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I feel strange as all strangers\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But,\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Being stranger is not being an other}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Is being special, is\uc0{\u160}standing alone}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Is being a lilly among orchids or tulips\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Is being a cluster of wheat in a corn farm\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Believe me I will grow, like a wild bush\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a mountain where ants survive in heat.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I feel being a stranger, going to market\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When all have money, my pockets \uc0{\u8220}empty\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I feel not being a friend with the money,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They reach me hard, but leave me fast\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For prices are high, my income\uc0{\u160}low.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I feel strange with the tastes}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As my tongue hasn\uc0{\u8217}t left the sourness, hotness\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Of our food, of fruits, of our tea with cardamom.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I feel stranger with the air\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With the Earth, with clouds\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When the sky cries hard, does not stop\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But seconds later the sun shines again\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am stranger with this silence,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When my soul has tension and calls}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For demonstration and protest\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With my megaphone in streets or squares.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I won\uc0{\u8217}t stay long under this calm.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But I am not feeling stranger\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I feel brave to find this intended way}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I arrive home following the roads\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The smell of my mother\uc0{\u8217}s food\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The footprints of my brother till home\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Among those who are the same in the root\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But are different in soul, in words\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In this world we may have, may love}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All with differences we all have.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}