{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy12\hr15\min03\sec21}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy12\hr15\min03\sec21}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the view of a dry lonely land that was located in Turkana county , Turkana west. I woke up feeling sanctified with the dews of the sun hitting my windows in a same hatched house. I look outside to the land that is burning, guess what the land is the desert that melts me like scalding sun,But how do I complain no it is a blessing thou}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Melting in the fiery sun makes me a penguin in its nest}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The lonely place is kakuma Refugees Camp, a home that brings me glee,ahome that helps me to interact with different diversities}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My dreams were left stranded but full filled in this desert,A home that\uc0{\u8217}s hard and tough}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But things became different,It is becoming more pretty than I never thought of.\uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} In the evening, you see different people moving in different directions\uc0{\u160}to earn a living. Struggling was indeed hard but jubilation at the end.indeed,it is a home of champions, a glorious home,a home full of people with determinations}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But the question is how do people see this hearthstone?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Temporary facilities were built to provide immediate protection,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Assistance to people who have been forced to flee their homes due to war, persecution, or violence. Or a land with people with no missions and visions.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There is now much evidence that safety zone are not good for anyone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But negativity ruins goals}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No one freely chooses to move into a safety zone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everyone can get out of them as quickly as possible.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hence more stateless people living in standard lives}}\par
\sect
}