{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy16\hr19\min32\sec05}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy16\hr19\min32\sec05}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Struggling to have a balance of earning and spending}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tried to get loans to attain it}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Earning or losing may be the right way of expressing it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The cash line going down,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have noticed it; I could barely make the ends meet.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But I feel it is really over.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A voice telling me, \uc0{\u8220}It is over. This is a crossover\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Breakthrough they call it, whoever believes will see it (the Passover)}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The problem is that the prevailing winds keep on reminding me that it is still there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That suffering and reminder of debts I\uc0{\u8217}ve got}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The clock reminds me of meeting my \uc0{\u8220}lenders}{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221} }{\cf0\f0 soon, for their notes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It kept on happening but I could feel it was over.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He told me in a dream that He cares}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Him Jesus Christ \uc0{\u8211} He cares that I feel free to believe in Him since His love is real}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He said \uc0{\u8220}I do care and can touch the fear in you}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Remember where I took you from}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Imagine your knees as a means of calling me, that\uc0{\u8217}s your phone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Remember my Expression of restauration in the Holy Book\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I love you all but you constantly look away from Me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As a father, I understand that it \uc0{\u8211} observing loved-ones suffer is tougher}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Don\uc0{\u8217}t first work harder to believe after; believe harder in His word then pull your socks up}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our comforter, our Father. Glory be to You Father.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All debts have been paid, I can see it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Whole home has been cleaned; I can touch it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Restored financial and spiritual status, I can feel it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He has done it. I can do everything through Him that strengthens me.}}\par
\sect
}