{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy05\hr08\min57\sec29}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy05\hr08\min57\sec29}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I know the climate crisis for I am human}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am of a nation of ecosystems. I am of great grandchildren of the great chimpanzee. I was of a long string of Sapien and part of Niendetal. I coexisted in harmony before the renaissance and the rise of my human kind for I was the hunter, a gatherer of the then blooming but now a burning bush. I once drew water from the fresh reverine and dam and lakes and oceans. When I invented the languages and spoke with my kind, I prided myself with god-like power so I dare to care less for the world. Now I am poor and miserable with the rest. Is this the price for my desire and aspirations to coronate kings and curate kingdom forgetting the nature was the best ruler? The industries of my creation have set the world ablaze. The temperate climates have changed owing to the hot temperatures. The warming for my course is costing loss and loss of lives every day. The world is here to hit the tipping point and that is the defining character of my time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I know the climate crisis for I am the lion}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am the king of Kings in the jungle, my rules were nurtured by the nature for I have been for the nature. However, arise the reign of humankind. It expanded their lands into the jungle on my expense. I was not shaken for I can dive deep into the jungle. My jungle was borderless and we were numberless in millions not in my kind but of all that live. But the hell is broken, the fires is burning and I have nowhere to escape. My jungle is run by water and we are in awe, we are wondering, seeking safety to no home. I can\uc0{\u8217}t climb but even if I can, the trees are burn or hurl or submerge by fire, wind or water. You Human hunt me in the forest, you human set nature against me, you human extinguish our coexistence with extinction, you human ignored the existential threat of our lifetime. I am disappointed in you, I am disappearing but I will come in some forms, I will come as a nightmare, I will come to remind you that you won\uc0{\u8217}t live without me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I know the climate crisis for I am the earthworm}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am the earthworm, I am what made the mother earth, I am the billions of worms that you see, and most you don\uc0{\u8217}t see. I am the nature and all the beautiful colours you see are all mind, am the rain that showers the ecosystem and its diversity, I am what make your health, I am what heals you, I am what make you sick if you mess up with me and I am the world that you are proud of, am the hope that you can live on and I am the despair which can desperately destroy you. I am exhausted, earthquake ran through me, I am drowning, am burning, but as if this is not the worse, the richest part of me still thrown into the sky for more destructions and terminations, you human ignored the existential threat of our lifetime. I am disappointed in you, I am disappearing but I will come in some forms, I will come as dust storms, I will come as anger and poverty, I will come to remind you that you won\uc0{\u8217}t live without me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I know the climate crisis for I am the polar bear}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am the polar bear, I bear the greater weight, I am drowning at the edge of the rising sea, and the melting ice is chasing me to extinction. I can\uc0{\u8217}t speak for I lost my voice, I lost my home, I lost my words\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}