{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo12\dy13\hr20\min27\sec18}{\revtim \yr2022\mo12\dy13\hr20\min27\sec18}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a room full of audience, a microphone went falling down in motion as the shivering hands of the presenter could not hold on to it anymore due to the pressure in his belly and agony of stage fright taking hold of him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His heart was beating super loud and fast, it seem to be filling the whole room with echoes. Breathing in was such a difficult, Bob had to lay back on the pulpit for balance. As he tried to focus on his script in front of him, he could hardly make meaning put of the letters that seem to be also mocking him in return.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s been a hectic day for Bob, as always\uc0{\u8230}. since he is enjoys last days of school though this one was one exceptional as he knew he would be presenting the poem his literature teacher prompted him to. Comfort zone always being a challenge to him, this day was no any better. The microphone down, his body tensed and obviously all eyes of the audience on him\uc0{\u8230} it horrified him more. He just wanted to faint and wake up in a hospital, unfortunately that did not happen. The whole room just went quiet, waiting for him to make a move.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sweat did not fail him, his hands felt numb and one could see sweat dripping from his forehead. This went on till a determined loud clapping came from the crowd. At first it startled the Eighteen year old and two more people joined in unison, till almost half of the room was clapping as well. A familiar voice called \uc0{\u8220} You can do it Bob!!!\uc0{\u8221} Bob had no idea who that was but the responses he was getting from the audience woke him from the horrific experience and he could feel his body again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He shrugged his shoulders, looked at his script and all memories of sleepless nights rehearsing came flashing back. \uc0{\u8220} I CAN DO IT!\uc0{\u8221} He reassured himself and that gave him the energy to pick his microphone, cleared his throat and started his speech.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Things flowed from there and happened so fast. The next moment a round of applause was coming from each conner of the room and there\uc0{\u8230} He did it!!! This was the beginning of the great journey of Bob to more public speaking events \uc0{\u160}and he took it upon him as a motivation to work on other areas of his life and become the more flexible, social and confident young man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 THE END.}}\par
\sect
}