{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy16\hr15\min50\sec09}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy16\hr15\min50\sec09}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was 26 when I started my relationship and decided to be married. I was an independent woman who was living in the capital, far from my family in ahwaz. I had my job and my own house. I\uc0{\u8217}m saying that to be cleared \uc0{\u8220} I was an adult\uc0{\u8221}. But i\uc0{\u8217}m an iranian woman and according to islamic rules they run over the country i never can be an adult.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Because of this reason, when we decided to marry each other, I needed my fathers permission for marriage. The father who kidnapped me and my sister when I was 11 and he has been absent from my life now for 16 years.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The father wasn\uc0{\u8217}t even on the same social level as me. He was unemployed and irresponsible yet, after 16 years. Me, as an independent woman who could build her life all by herself, needed to ask for her irresponsible and absent father to get married, because he\uc0{\u8217}s a man and just because of this, islam believes he knows my benefits better than me. It is so humiliating for me and all the women in iran.I was searching for another way to get married without involving him in the process. I realized I can do the marriage with the permission of the court.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In Iran women can not be judges so another man who\uc0{\u8217}s a judge should give me the permission for my marriage instead of my father. It was even more humiliating but at that time it was the only option because I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to see that man, They wrote his name in my documents as my father.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So I went through this way.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I went to the court and asked for an appointment. I said I have no idea where my father is so he can not give me the permission for the marriage. I want to take that from the court and unfortunately just when they input his name and identity number, they reached access to his address and phone number so they sent him a letter to summon him to the court and he received that. It was awful. Now I should see him in court and worth more than that, now he has my phone number and address. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to give that to him because he\uc0{\u8217}s kinda dangerous.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I can not describe the anxiety and stress I had until the court appointment.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I didn\uc0{\u8217}t feel safe in my place anymore because that stupid process sent my information through the letter to him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I lived a month with all those feelings I had then it was the time for attending the court.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I went there early in the morning and I had a big hope for him to not come. But he was there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I\uc0{\u8217}m sure the only reason he could recognize me was that I looked too much like my mother. In another case I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t sure if he even recognized me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He was there and the first thing he said to me, after 16 years, wasn\uc0{\u8217}t \uc0{\u8220}hello my daughter. I missed you. You are a grown woman\uc0{\u8221} or anything like that.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He said to me \uc0{\u8220}your mother cheated on me when you were 6\uc0{\u8221} without even saying hello.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 OMG! Come on man! You didn\uc0{\u8217}t move on after 27 years? You have been divorced with my mother since I was 3 and at that time you were already married to your second wife. So how could she have cheated on you when I was 6? She was already single at that time stupid!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I said them in my mind but the only thing I said out loud was \uc0{\u8220}oh really? She cheated on you? She did a great thing because a man like you deserve to be cheated\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then he continued and said: your mother left me because of a guy!I answered: she left you because you used to beat her, you were addicted to drugs and you were extremely irresponsible. Not because of another guy and even if she does that, she was right. I support her in that.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He became angry and wanted to say something but I interrupted him and I said: I\uc0{\u8217}m not here to talk about your relationship. Thes court is not about you. It\uc0{\u8217}s about me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But he doesn\uc0{\u8217}t stop. He was complaining about the amount of money he paid for a ticket to come to Tehran to attend the court and he owes money for that just because of me. I felt sick of everything he was saying and I said \uc0{\u8220}you could stay in ahwaz and ignore the appointment. I\uc0{\u8217}m not happy to see you here.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He was complaining about how much he is and that my mother could make a life for herself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Omg! From his point of view my mother was guilty for leaving him and not paying for his life and drugs for his lifetime. Such a rude guy!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He said to the judge who was here and watching us in silence: her mother made a life for her in 2 years. She has few homes, she has cars and a good income. How could she do that in 2 years?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At this moment I shouted to him: that the 2 years you mentioned were 12 years in real life but you couldn\uc0{\u8217}t feel that because you were high on drugs. You have no right to talk about my mother like that.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When he was sure I\uc0{\u8217}m not going to listen to his lies about my mother and he can not make me against her, he said: so I\uc0{\u8217}m not going to give the permission for your marriage. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know him and I don\uc0{\u8217}t want my daughter to be married to a foreign man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was like \uc0{\u8220}you don\uc0{\u8217}t even know me!\uc0{\u8221} but he left with the feeling of revenge. I could see his face. He said \uc0{\u8220}you lived 16 years without me and you never needed me, but now you need me and I\uc0{\u8217}m not gonna help you\uc0{\u8221} . He thoughts it\uc0{\u8217}s gonna be a revenge for him and he\uc0{\u8217}s gonna satisfy his ego by making trouble for me. I\uc0{\u8217}m sure he was waiting for me to go and begging for his permission but I chose the third way. I left the country and immigrated to turkey.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now I can do international marriage here without his permission but I had the privilege to do that. All Iranian women have to face these rules and all of them can not leave the country. We should do something about that.}}\par
\sect
}