{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy23\hr09\min20\sec57}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy23\hr09\min20\sec57}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Something terrible has happened to me this year. I started working for Murihano Investments this year in March. My boss is a well-off woman in her early 40s. She is so pretty, I cannot lie. One day we went for work in Mangochi. She called me to her room at night, saying she was struggling to charge her phone. It was around 10 PM. I found her there half-naked. She said, \uc0{\u8221}Sit, let\uc0{\u8217}s talk a little bit. I am going through something.\uc0{\u8221} Then she ordered drinks. We started talking, and then she said, \uc0{\u8221}Please sleep with me.\uc0{\u8221} I was shocked. She came near me, and she smelled so nice honestly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She started kissing me but I did not respond. I held her and pushed her towards the bed where and quickly lifted her nightdress but a voice came inside my head that I am ruining my life after being tempted like this. I immediately stopped and run to my room. This was a very difficult trauma I had to go through that night.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Days later, my leg started swelling. It became so painful. I went to every hospital, but they couldn\uc0{\u8217}t treat me. My boss called me on Friday and asked if my leg was swollen. I was shocked to how she can go straight to ask me something I haven\uc0{\u8217}t disclosed to her. \uc0{\u160}I said yes. She said, \uc0{\u8221}That\uc0{\u8217}s my husband doing JuJu on you, please go and apologize because he thought that you were having an affair with me.\uc0{\u8221} Since I was innocent and wanted to heal, I called the husband the next day and he asked me to meet him at a hotel at 7 PM.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He was in a room alone. I went in and apologized. He said he had to sleep with me so that my leg could heal. I became very angry and told him that I can quite my job and find other means to heal but not this one. The good thing I was so innocent. I told him that I will try my best to go a traditional doctor who is very powerful and what will happen to him will be misery and went out. After I arrived home, I started feeling well. I got so confused with the kind of bosses that I have. I then decided to resign the same week since I could not associate myself with bosses who use their money to manipulate others. I am now feeling well and don\uc0{\u8217}t regret loosing the job though it was paying me well.}}\par
\sect
}