{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy20\hr06\min51\sec11}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy20\hr06\min51\sec11}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My dear Haniya my dear Frey, you can\uc0{\u8217}t imagine how much I miss you and you can\uc0{\u8217}t imagine how much things I have to say. I want to write you all the places I went without you and all the things I experienced without you.I am writing this letter to you with frozen fingers. Just before, I felt bad, so I quickly got dressed and went out. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t care at all about the cold wind that entered the room through the half-open window and turned the room into a cold house. Outside the dormitory, it will turn me into a frozen wooden person. I had unbearable longings for it, and despite that, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have the patience to be with other people. I wanted to walk into the Samson alone. My dormitory is located on a hill-like height from where you can see other green hills and the beautiful blue sea of the city. My dear friends, I feel like I\uc0{\u8217}ve fallen in love, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know where to write this in the letter to make it look good. This is the first time in my life that I experience this feeling. For me, it is something like restlessness. I have no peace anywhere in the world and I must say that I think about him a lot. He is present in all my moments.I think of him and he appears in front of my eyes. Today, before going out, I put two chocolates in my bag, I said maybe I see someone outside and give him one of the chocolates. But in my heart I wanted to see him. The same boy whose name I just learned and I don\uc0{\u8217}t even know which country he is from. At the same university we are, but we study in separated classes and it is rare to see him inside the university. But it miraculously appears whenever I want. Just like today when I went out for a walk in this cold weather. The roads were emptier than usual. I walked a long way until I went to the beach and I was going back to the dormitory when I decided to return by tram because of the cold. I missed the first tram. The ground was semi-wet due to the rains of last night and this morning, the weather was still cloudy and cloudy, and the yellow leaves that had been turned brown by the rain covered the road and the station.The second tram was the last stop and I was waiting for the third tram, and all the way even while I was waiting at the station, I wanted to see him. But today and exactly at the same station, it was almost impossible to see him. I said to myself, why should he come to this station on such a cold Sunday and right now? But just when I was disappointed and I was listening to music. I raised my head and saw him in front of me hurrying towards the tram in the opposite direction of my dormitory. My heart was beating fast and I was so surprised that I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t do anything and I quickly boarded the dormitory tram that was standing in front of me. He was in the opposite direction of my tram and I was shocked . It is very likely that nothing will happen and I will not become intimate with him. But I enjoy the power of feeling and the power of my imagination. I say to myself that my imagination lifts him up from his bed and forces him to be present in the exact time and place where I am, and that in itself is amazing. Forgive me if I didn\uc0{\u8217}t write a beautiful letter, but I wanted to say these simple words to you my dear friends, because you are my other self. I will write to you again soon and I am waiting for your letters.Your friendAtefa}}\par
\sect
}