{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy22\hr16\min47\sec52}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy22\hr16\min47\sec52}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Do you accept the charges made against you,\uc0{\u8221} said the judge looking sternly in the eyes of the three accused young women. Nyasha and Panashe, with tears streaming down their cheeks nodded their heads once and pleaded guilty. For a moment, Danielle was lost into a trance, which she got off after the judge called her name the second time. She looked at the jury and redirected her eyes back to the judge and said, \uc0{\u8220}I had no choice.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Being the first born, with five other siblings was a challenge bestowed upon her from the beginning. Danielle\uc0{\u8217}s parents were civil servants, teachers by profession, working in the rural districts of Sahumani. Their meager salary could only allow them to visit the city, where their children were, twice a month to only spent two days at home each time. Danielle became the deputy parent having to look after her siblings. Since her parents were never there, she slowly became responsible for what her siblings would eat, dressing them for school and hustling so that Tatenda, the last born would not be chased away from school for not paying her casual day fees. At times she had to burn sugar on the fire to make tea as the luxury of having all ingredients became difficult to sustain. A true definition of standing between a rock and a hard place.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Danielle grappled her way through high school and barely managed to secure the passes allowing her to proceed to university in the capital Harare. This meant she had to leave her beloved children in the hands of the society and pray that fate raises them well. With her mother sick and no-longer contributing to the welfare of the family, she also now had to chip in to help her father otherwise her siblings would not go to school. Balancing work and school became very difficult. Since she was staying in the Avenues are, a place famous for harboring the ladies of the night, she got compelled to join the cohort. The experience was unpleasant but still, she had no choice but to do it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With time, the five dollars she got per night could nolonger cover for her expenses. Rent became to expensive. She was failing to register her courses because her fees were not paid in time. What else could she do now ?She had already sold her womanhood, what more could she give.Nevertheless, with a syndicate of two other girls, they started targeting older rich men whom they would drug after sleeping with them and steal money and valuables from them. This happened for some time with success. She could meet the rent and fees deadline and managed to pay Tatenda\uc0{\u8217}s first term form one fees. At least some light, right!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, after having successfully drugged their client, the three drove off after having stolen money, jewels and vandalized kitchen properly. A report was made to the police and the CCTV in the man\uc0{\u8217}s house made the detective\uc0{\u8217}s work easier. In a few days, Danielle and her friends were in handcuffs and standing before the judge with undisputed evidence against them. Danielle stood there, looking unkempt from the three days of no sleep and police harassment, stared at the judge and saying- if only I had a choice.}}\par
\sect
}