{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy14\hr14\min03\sec28}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy14\hr14\min03\sec28}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My family and I had been happy for months. The money I was getting from the shop was enough to sustain us until one of my kids had to go to school and there was not enough money for her fees. I had to look for another alternative to look for money so that I could pay my kid at school. One of my mother\uc0{\u8217}s friend recommended to some lady to work as a house help. I was given a room to stay in their house and my job was to cook and clean. Two days later, I left my kids with my mother and moved in with the married couples. The pay was very good and my madam was very kind to me. After two months of working with the couples, my madam\uc0{\u8217}s husband started hitting on me. At first, he was just flirting with me then he started touching me. I was scared to tell my madam because I knew she wasn\uc0{\u8217}t going to believe me. I called my close friend and told about this. She advised me to flirt back. She told me this was my chance to get out of poverty because the man was rich. My boss was clearly interested in me. I knew that even if I report to his wife, she would not believe me and even fire me. I really needed the money so I could my kids at school. I took my friend\uc0{\u8217}s advise and started flirting back. My madam had been married to her husband for over four years but she was unable to give him a child. I knew that if I got pregnant with my boss\uc0{\u8217} child, he would take care of me and my child together with my two other kids because he was very rich. I thought that I might even become the new madam of the house. I felt bad about this because his wife was very nice to me, but I had to think of my kids first. So I started sleeping with my boss behind his wife\uc0{\u8217}s back. Two months later, I was still not pregnant, I started to think that the reason for the two couples not having a child was because of the man and not the woman. His wife never suspected anything because we were very discrete. My boss always gave me a lot of money and expensive gifts, but j never kept any of the gifts. I would sell them and send the money to my mother for their feeding and fees for the kids\uc0{\u8217} school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two months later, I realized that I was wrong about my boss being infertile when I found out that I was pregnant. My boss was the only man I was sleeping with, so the unborn child was definitely his. I was waiting for his wife to leave so that I could give him the news.After lunch, his wife left the house to go meet up with her friends. I took that opportunity to tell him the news. I thought he would be so happy about hearing this news but my assumptions were wrong. Instead, he told me to leave the house. He told me that he could not ruin his relationship for a woman like me. He told me that he would take care of the child but I must leave his house before his wife came back. He gave me a lot of money, I packed my things and left as soon as possible. Since then, he\uc0{\u8217}s been sending me monthly allowance to take care of the child. At least the money he would send was even enough to pay my two other kids at school. He remained with his wife and the truth never got out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}