{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy29\hr10\min59\sec55}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy29\hr10\min59\sec55}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i The whirring of Arnold\uc0{\u8217}s latest prototype filled the room, a symphony of gears and motors. A smile tugged at my lips as I watched him snapping pictures, the fluorescent light reflecting off his iPhone screen. \uc0{\u8221}Another masterpiece, huh?\uc0{\u8221} I teased, even though I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t decipher the robotic sensor\uc0{\u8217}s function, or any of the complex circuitry sprawled across his workbench. Hell, simple algebra still managed to light me up.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i My smile faded as I slipped into a familiar memory, the echo of Arnold\uc0{\u8217}s frustrated voice echoing in my mind. \uc0{\u8221}Damn it, it\uc0{\u8217}s not working!\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}What\uc0{\u8217}s wrong now, lil bro?\uc0{\u8221} I\uc0{\u8217}d asked, leaning against the doorway of his room.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}When are you gonna get my charger fixed?\uc0{\u8221} he\uc0{\u8217}d demanded, his voice laced with a brittle frustration that I knew well.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know, maybe next month, lil bro,\uc0{\u8221} I mumbled, feeling the familiar pang of guilt.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s the same excuse every month, Max!\uc0{\u8221} he\uc0{\u8217}d shouted, his eyes burning with a mix of anger and despair. \uc0{\u8221}Just admit we don\uc0{\u8217}t have the money. If only you\uc0{\u8217}d done well at school, maybe we\uc0{\u8217}d have hope\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i The memory stabbed me like a shard of glass. Those words, sharp and raw, had been the catalyst. It was the truth, the ugly truth that had driven me to the black plastic bag sitting on my lap, its contents heavy with the promise of a different kind of hope, a twisted, dangerous hope. Two bricks of cocaine, cold and hard against my thighs, a testament to the choices I\uc0{\u8217}d made.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i I looked back at Arnold, absorbed in his tech world, his MacBook shut on his bed, a sleek iPhone 14 in his hand. Gadgets weren\uc0{\u8217}t a problem for us anymore. But at what cost? He knew the money wasn\uc0{\u8217}t clean, I could see it in his eyes, a knowing look that said he understood but didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to know. He was perceptive, my brother, but he didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to know the truth. And I respected that. But not wanting to know wasn\uc0{\u8217}t enough in this game. Arnold was my weak spot, the innocent in the crossfire. This was the reality that Boss Jefferson had hammered into my skull, \uc0{\u8221}Remember, we\uc0{\u8217}ve got eyes on him.\uc0{\u8221} And as much as I relished the money, the freedom it brought, I knew I was far from safe. How could I protect the only family I had left?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i I retreated to my own room, the weight of the cocaine pressing against me like a physical manifestation of my guilt. Shona, the new kingpin, was rumored to be even crazier than Jefferson, a shadow of violence that lurked beneath his smooth facade. I had to pull myself together, fast. Find ways to move this merchandise, to climb the ranks of his organization.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i I spread out a map of Mutare, the city I knew like the back of my hand, its streets etched into my memory. Shona taking out Jefferson had opened up a new market for cocaine in Chikanga, territory ripe for exploitation. Jefferson had never touched it, too risky, too dangerous. He\uc0{\u8217}d always said, \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s a lot of money, and that desire, man, it can get the best of you. It brings war, blood, and the law breathing down your neck. I don\uc0{\u8217}t need that smoke.\uc0{\u8221} He\uc0{\u8217}d run his empire with meticulous precision, his organization a well-oiled machine. But he never delved into the world of cocaine. Shona, on the other hand, didn\uc0{\u8217}t care. He had connections, he had power, and he was willing to play with fire. Those who fell on the bottom rung were expendable, pawns in his game.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i I had to play it smart, move fast. Gain his trust. But first, I had to move this merchandise. My mind drifted to Chris, his parties, a potential goldmine. But could I trust him with this? He was reckless, impulsive, always ready for a thrill. Would he see the dangers lurking beneath the surface, the reality of this business? His parties were a hit, no doubt. Those rich kids would spend anything for a high. I needed their money, needed it fast.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i But I had no worries about Tonde. He was a street warrior, born and bred in the concrete jungle. He was a ghost, slipping through shadows, a master of the alleyways, his eyes always alert, his instincts sharp. He could move like a shadow, anticipate danger before it struck, and disarm a situation with a mere flick of the wrist.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Chris is coming later tonight,\uc0{\u8221} Tonde said, his voice a low rumble in the dimly lit room. The air hung thick with the scent of stale cigarettes and cheap cologne, a familiar cocktail in this world. \uc0{\u8221}We need to figure out how we\uc0{\u8217}re gonna run this.\uc0{\u8221} His eyes, sharp and watchful, glinted with a calculating gleam.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Step on the one with more soda,\uc0{\u8221} he continued, a sly grin twisting his lips. \uc0{\u8221}The rich kids won\uc0{\u8217}t notice the difference. They\uc0{\u8217}ll pay anything to get high.\uc0{\u8221} He paused, a flicker of concern in his eyes. \uc0{\u8221}But the mandem in the ghetto, they want it pure. We gotta be careful, or we\uc0{\u8217}ll be answering to Shona.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i Chris who had now joined us, ever the smooth operator, leaned back in his chair, his fingers drumming a jazzy rhythm against the worn leather. \uc0{\u8221}And we need to figure out how we\uc0{\u8217}re gonna clean all this,\uc0{\u8221} he said, his voice smooth as honey. \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}ve been working on a crypto currency system. People buy tickets for my parties using this crypto currency. The ones who want coke, they\uc0{\u8217}ll buy the \uc0{\u8217}white\uc0{\u8217} tickets, for that lil\uc0{\u8217} extra high.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Nah, nah, white is too obvious,\uc0{\u8221} I interjected, shaking my head. \uc0{\u8221}Why don\uc0{\u8217}t we call it gold? It\uc0{\u8217}s clever, moving the coke and cleaning the money all at once. We\uc0{\u8217}ll be set.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i I caught a flash of a smile in the corner of Tonde\uc0{\u8217}s eye, a silent acknowledgment of the plan\uc0{\u8217}s cunning. Chris grinned, a triumphant gleam in his eyes. We were about to eat good. But I held back my own surge of excitement. Nothing was decided in this game, nothing was guaranteed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i I slipped out of the room, my footsteps echoing in the quiet hallway. A quick glance into Arnold\uc0{\u8217}s room revealed the young guy fast asleep, his face peaceful in the soft glow of his bedside lamp. \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m doing this for you,\uc0{\u8221} I\uc0{\u8217}d always told myself. Building a better life for him, a life free from the struggles we\uc0{\u8217}d faced. But was it really true? Or was it a lie I told myself to}{\cf0\f0  justify}{\cf0\f0\i  the darkness I\uc0{\u8217}d embraced?}}\par
\sect
}