{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy27\hr21\min48\sec59}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy27\hr21\min48\sec59}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i  I Had to Do It: Part 1}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i The punch slammed into my jaw, a force that seemed to crack my teeth and reverberate through my skull. I\uc0{\u8217}d never felt anything like it, a searing pain that threatened to wipe me out. For a moment, time warped, everything slowed to a crawl. I saw my reflection in the sweat-drenched faces of the crowd. I heard the masses cheering, but I could hardly form a meaningful image of either the crowd or Razaro, my opponent. But mostly, I saw Arnold, my little brother, his face etched with worry. This fight, this brutal cage match, wasn\uc0{\u8217}t just about me anymore. It was about Arnold\uc0{\u8217}s future, our future, the chance to escape the life of poverty that threatened to be our new reality.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i I almost gave up, the overwhelming pain threatening to engulf me. But then, I remembered the promise I\uc0{\u8217}d made to Arnold, the promise to change our lives, to build a future where fear wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t be a constant companion. I had to keep going, had to find the strength to fight back. I took a deep breath. \uc0{\u8221}Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee,\uc0{\u8221} I whispered to myself. I pushed off the canvas, my legs shaky, and unleashed a flurry of rapid jabs.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i The crowd roared, a cacophony of anticipation and adrenaline. Razaro was stunned by this shift in momentum as I attacked him ferociously. He couldn\uc0{\u8217}t muster a comeback.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i The fight was a blur, a violent dance of sweat, blood, and pure grit. But I was relentless, my punches precise, my movements fluid. He went down once, the noise from the crowd deafening; everyone loves the underdog. He tried to rise again, but I delivered a kick to the back of his head while he was still on one knee. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t risk any retaliation from this point. I needed the win so badly. I remembered the relief I felt when the bell signaled the end of the fight.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i My body ached, my vision blurred. The cheers of the crowd seemed distant, fading into a muffled hum. But my heart pounded with an unyielding sense of triumph. I had won the fight, and with that win, I stood a chance at a better life.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i Master Shona, a hulking figure with a sharp, predatory gaze, approached me, his smile a chilling mix of admiration and calculation. \uc0{\u8221}You fought well,\uc0{\u8221} he said, handing me a small, heavy package wrapped in black plastic. \uc0{\u8221}You earned your reward.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}But next time you pay with cash.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i I untied the package, revealing two bricks of pure white cocaine. The scent, sharp and acrid, filled my nostrils. It was an intoxicating, dangerous scent, the scent of power and freedom, the scent of a life beyond poverty.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i I knew this wasn\uc0{\u8217}t the future I had envisioned for myself, but it was the future that had been handed to me. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t choose this game, but the game came to my doorstep. Losing my parents at 16, coupled with my failure of my ordinary level examinations, had left me adrift. My extended family had abandoned us, still clinging to a long-standing family feud. I tried to rent out some of the rooms from our family home to raise some funds, but I needed more. Growing up with everything provided by my parents, it became difficult to live hand to mouth. I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t book smart, and it would\uc0{\u8217}ve been no use to go back to school. Arnold was smart, though, and was destined for great things. He had an insane passion for engineering and robotics from a very young age. His passions fueled his drive towards his academics, making him a consistent straight-A student. It also drew the ire and jealousy of the extended family, I guess. Arnold was just that fantastic. I had to protect that! I needed a plan, and I needed it fast. That\uc0{\u8217}s when I met Boss Jefferson.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i To many, Boss Jefferson was a regular tuckshop owner. He owned a wide number of tuckshops in the suburb of Chikanga. That was all a charade, as he was a leading supplier of opioids and weed in the city. He was cutthroat and ruthless, never showing mercy to rivals or anyone who thought of betraying him. To deal with him, you had to make a sacrifice to become part of his network.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i When I went to propose my offer, his men whipped me sixteen times across my back. He offered me the product following the lashes, and I had no choice but to accept. I started as a corner boy, running the streets, slinging weed. Weed was in high demand in the ghetto, and once word was on the street, it practically sold itself. The opioids were harder to push, but that\uc0{\u8217}s where the real money was. I struggled to find a consistent market for them.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i Then I met Chris. Chris had just graduated from Hillcrest High School. He bought weed from me and invited me to one of his house parties. The kids there loved the opioids, and they started selling like hotcakes. Soon, I was making a lot of money, enough for me and, more importantly, enough for Arnold. I wanted to send him to a proper school so he could pursue his academics. But the drug business is more than just being a salesman. Aside from pushing drugs, which is illegal, you have to do a lot of terrible things to stay on top. This brings me to my first kill. A low-level corner boy had fallen short with Boss Jefferson three weeks in a row, and the boss wanted to make an example of him. After brutally torturing him, Boss Jefferson handed me a gun and said, \uc0{\u8221}Finish the job.\uc0{\u8221} I did it without much thought and killed the boy. Jefferson hugged me and said, \uc0{\u8221}Now you\uc0{\u8217}re part of the family.\uc0{\u8221} This messed me up for a while. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe I had just murdered someone like that. Little did I know, it was the first of many. From rivals to potential witnesses and whistleblowers, they all met their end. One becomes cold-hearted, but that\uc0{\u8217}s the nature of the game: \uc0{\u8221}you\uc0{\u8217}re in or out with a bullet.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i Boss Jefferson met his fate in a territory war with Master Shona. Shona wanted to expand his territory in the cocaine business, and Jefferson refused. A massive battle broke out. Jefferson was later found dead at Yeovil cemetery, on his mother\uc0{\u8217}s tombstone, in a dark picture I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t erase from my mind easily. It was said it was the work of Shona, a display of force and power! Master Shona brought us all in, those who had worked under Jefferson. He gave us a second chance at life, if we were willing to push product for him. But to do so, we needed to win our respective cage fights at his fight club. It was either that, or we would follow Jefferson to dine with the devil in hell.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i I decided to take my chances. Arnold hadn\uc0{\u8217}t finished school, and I needed to ensure he did. This was the only way out for me, I thought. Razaro was in my way, and I had to do everything I could to beat him, which I did against all odds.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i I looked at the cocaine, the promise of a new life, a promise that could be a curse. The weight of my decision settled upon me. I was a fighter, a survivor, but was I willing to become somet}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0\i hing else? Something darker?}}\par
\sect
}