{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy21\hr14\min50\sec44}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy21\hr14\min50\sec44}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was an 11 years old kid.a kid Who was excited for norooz. Its Iranian new year. I finished the last day of school and i was ready for 15 days of holidays with my mother and sister in ahwaz. Our city. My sister was in the same school but she is 3 years younger than me.We heard the bell of the school and jumped out. I mean it. It was like setting free from the cage. At the moment i saw our father there just next to the school. It was weird because our parents were divorced years ago and now he could see us just in the weekends, every 2 weeks. I felt a little anxious but he came to us really calm, kind and with a big smile.\uc0{\u8221}Your mother asked me to give you a ride to home\uc0{\u8221} he said that but i was suspicious.He made me sure everything is fine and my mother knows about it.I looked at my sister and she was excited about the magazine they used to give us for norooz as a homework. She was just a 8 y/o kid.We went to the car and he started to driving. I realized he\uc0{\u8217}s going to another direction. It wasn\uc0{\u8217}t our home direction.\uc0{\u8221}Where are we going?\uc0{\u8221} I asked him worried.He answered a bit angry \uc0{\u8221}to a trip\uc0{\u8221}I didn\uc0{\u8217}t dared to ask more because i knew he can be angry in a second.Yeah i scaredThat day we went directly to a village near my dads hometown. I don\uc0{\u8217}t remember the name of that village but it was near to \uc0{\u8221}Izeh\uc0{\u8221}I was shocked, scared and anxious.I knew my mother don\uc0{\u8217}t know where are we. I missed her and i was worried about her a lot.We were there without anything!We had no clothes, no personal stuff like toothbrush, hair brush, underwear! Nothing at all!Because our father never thought about us and what we need! We were the toys he used for putting pressure on my mother for years and years!He kidnapped us to torture our mother!It was a lot for me in that time! Too much pressure on me and i hated myself because i couldn\uc0{\u8217}t do anything.I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t call my mother because in that time mobile phones were not so common and there was no phone line in that village.Before that time my father used to teach me how to drive. I driven his car few times.All those days i was thinking about stilling his car and return to ahvaz with my sister.My brain was a mess.I was thinking with myself: \uc0{\u8221}i driven a car before but in a straight way. The way we came had a lot of road bend. What should i do with them?Should i take my sister with me? But what will happen if i cannot control the car during those road bends and fell into a valley?I will kill my sister.No she is too young! I cant take her with me. I prefer to go alone. We can come after her when i found mom, and if i had an accident i will die alone!\uc0{\u8221}I had all those thoughts for 15 days. I was waiting for a chance to take the keys. I took them one time but just when i started the car, he came and said: you cant play here. Give me the key.15 days after, he was out of money. He couldn\uc0{\u8217}t stay there more. So we returned to ahwaz to my grandparents place.When he fell asleep, My grandmother called my mother and said to her \uc0{\u8221}he\uc0{\u8217}s at sleep. Come for the kids right now\uc0{\u8221}My mother flight until there and we sneaked out with her.That nightmare was over and we were safe again.When we returned home, i realized my mother went to the police and reported we were kidnapped but they answered to her: he\uc0{\u8217}s their father. He can do whatever he wants with them. Even killing them. We cannot do anything.For the first time i was faced by being a woman in iran and with Iranian roles.It was the first time i was in an age i could understand what\uc0{\u8217}s happening for my mother.I became full of anger because of this injustices.My mother raised us for years. Our father never was there for us but he can kidnap us legally! It was insane even in my childish mind.Next days, he came again!He was waiting for me through the way i used to walk for going to school.\uc0{\u8221}Can i talk to you?\uc0{\u8221} He askedI just felt all the anger i had about him and shout \uc0{\u8221}i don\uc0{\u8217}t want to see you again! Never\uc0{\u8221}And I never see him again until 26 years old!}}\par
\sect
}