{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo09\dy11\hr21\min02\sec14}{\revtim \yr2022\mo09\dy11\hr21\min02\sec14}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I LEFT GAZA BUT GAZA REFUSES LEAVE ME}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I always wanted to leave Gaza, but after I left, Gaza refused to let me. My heart breaks every time I see Gaza being fired by Israeli rockets and images of the victims settling in my mind as I sip Turkish coffee. in a street cafe in Istanbul.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In late August, Israel attacked Gaza for the second time while I was not there and also carried out a massacre in Jabalia camp, killing five children there in my neighborhood. I grew up in Jabaliya camp, the largest refugee camp in Gaza. and I\uc0{\u8217}ve spent most of my life there in Gaza.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In case you\uc0{\u8217}re wondering how it goes to see your city burn while you are far away, it hurts as a fresh wound, watching the city blaze behind the screen, while I\uc0{\u8217}m gone and unable to come back due to the unprecedented procedures, I have to go through in order to pass again to enter Gaza.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For me to watch Gaza under attack breaks my heart, because I was once there and I knew how Gazans feel, the anticipation, the loud explosions, the number of victims, and the fear of being the next victim, all this under very hard and tough circumstances, no electricity, shortage of water and so on.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At the moment while Israel pretends to be accurately targeting its targets while it is committing a massacre after another, and to Israelis they don\uc0{\u8217}t care for there is a justification that is always ready ad the international community is in deep sleep when it comes to what Israel does and keeps doing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In case you never knew Gaza once had an airport and it was called Gaza International Airport which Israel destroyed four years after it opened. And since then, we are only allowed to travel through the Erez and Rafah crossings, the former is the only crossing between Egypt and Gaza, and the latter is a crossing between Gaza and Israel. Both crossings made the navigation of Gaza residents an unprecedented voyage of nerve-wracking expectation, humiliation, torture, imprisonment and loss.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I personally had to pay to Egyptian authority to travel through the crossing and go on a 12-hour mini bus ride full of travelers with no water or food to arrive to Cairo airport directly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The harsh economic situation in Gaza had put the young under very tough pressure, especially after the unemployment rate went through the roof and reached 62%, due to the ongoing attacks on Gaza, the 15-year siege that has forced many young people to leave the city after they lost the hope that things would never change in locked off Gaza.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had to leave Gaza and the endless blues of its sea, and go to Istanbul to work on myself and develop my skills, meet people from different cultures and wait for an opportunity to sharpen my skills as a journalist, although I don\uc0{\u8217}t speak the Turkish language and I don\uc0{\u8217}t know much about the culture or the country in general, but I had no choice but to leave the suffocating city that keeps choking me out every time I think of my dreams and hopes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While I was in Gaza, I loved to walk by the sea at sunset, listening to the lapping of the waves, the sea offers a respite to the residents of Gaza, they sit, drink tea and coffee, listen to music, play games, chat, then back home where the power may have gone out and they had to switch to a generator and some candles.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Leaving Gaza is not easy when you are young man, or even old but as a young man you will be interrogated by the Palestinian police, which is the Hamas government since it became the de facto authority in Gaza \uc0{\u8211} and then you have to pay the Egyptian police to allow your name to be on the travel list and it is no small amount of money.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Following the news from outside Gaza, I was more nervous than when I was in Gaza because I cannot even travel back to Gaza and the people in Gaza, including my family, have no shelter. It\uc0{\u8217}s just as disturbing as that.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Israel\uc0{\u8217}s hypocrisy makes it seem that we are responsible for our own slaughter. Imagine being attacked while you are without housing, without electricity, in the middle of a heat wave, in a city where the majority are teenagers, young people and children, where there is no army in uniform. We are all target for Israel, we are all the same in their eyes, young old, civilian, militant, in Israel\uc0{\u8217}s dictionary, there is no difference.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After Israel\uc0{\u8217}s latest bloody attack on Gaza in May 2021, which lasted 11 days and killed more than 250 people, I was most nervous because it was the first time, I was outside while Gaza was under attack.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In August. On February 6, 2022, Israel launched a three-day offensive in Gaza after attacking an apartment building and assassinating a Palestinian leader, attacked Gaza residents again amid a heat wave and an electric diet, leaving hundreds dead, thousands wounded and displaced.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s not that I have a better life in Istanbul, but it\uc0{\u8217}s that I\uc0{\u8217}m free and I can travel when I have an opportunity, work, training or even go on vacation, that\uc0{\u8217}s something, which I have been denied from when I was in Gaza, the freedom of movement, the ability to travel in and out of the city without unnecessary delays and unnecessary investigations for every step you are about to take or before any official document you want to apply for. It is difficult for me to see how the city continues to lose people with each attack, how the dreams of young people are shattered before their eyes, how the children are killed, the houses are destroyed, how the reality of Gaza residents is a fragment of what wars leave to them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s hard to see so many young people emigrating and leaving the city when they see things in Gaza are deteriorating and Israel will not stop its cyclical attacks on Gaza.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ahmed Khaled, 26, civil engineering graduate, Jabalia Camp, who works as a taxi driver, says he\uc0{\u8217}s trying to save money to pay for the coordination, a procedure done by an office that\uc0{\u160} Egyptian police contacted to coordinate Gaza residents\uc0{\u8217} travel through Egypt after receiving a very high paid price, he says, \uc0{\u8220}unemployment is very high, there aren\uc0{\u8217}t\uc0{\u160} jobs\uc0{\u160} available in my specialty, so I decided to at least make some money to live my day, rather than just chasing an opportunity in one place or wait till one rarely sees an opportunity.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Although there are no official Palestinian statistics on the number of immigrants from Gaza, media reports revealed that 35,000 left Gaza in 2018, including 150 doctors.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ali Owaida, a highly qualified IT graduate who works on a cigarette cart, says \uc0{\u8220}I am working hard to travel to a country that will guarantee me a life of dignity and the building of my future and my dreams that have been undermined by the poor conditions in Gaza and by poverty, blockade and unemployment.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The cyclical attacks, the 15-year\uc0{\u160} siege, the unemployment, the difficult economic situation, all these are signs that immigration from Gaza has become the only option left to us as young people from Gaza, but still if when we leave Gaza, Gaza still refuses to leave us.}}\par
\sect
}