{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy27\hr08\min32\sec41}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy27\hr08\min32\sec41}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was in 2015 at Mzuzu depot when I saw a girl carrying her suitcase. The girl\uc0{\u8217}s name is Lindiwe. She also looked at me and I quickly looked away after noticing it. But for me it was love at first sight. The moment I saw her I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t keep my eyes off her. We got in the bus together but she sat away from me. Throughout the trip I kept on praying, she talks to me or come sit next to me. When the bus stopped I would get out just to look at her. After several hours finally we arrived in Lilongwe Depot, she still hadn\uc0{\u8217}t spoken to me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My spirit was so low, but then when I was getting my suitcase, she came to help me and said hi to me. Guess what I said, \uc0{\u8221}I saw you in Mzuzu and for the first time in my life I instantly liked someone but I was shy to speak to you. But now I said what if you leave and I never get to see you.\uc0{\u8221} I was smiling the whole time. I tried to contain my excitement and hide it but I was failing. So I kept saying, oohhh that is so strange. Then I asked for her name. She said \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t tell my name to strangers unfortunately\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She started to walk and I grabbed her suitcase case and said, \uc0{\u8221}I promise you soon we will no longer be strangers.\uc0{\u8221} I didn\uc0{\u8217}t let me go. She was going to get a small tax so that she can go home. I forced her to get in a taxi with her, I paid for it and took her home in area 22B. I really wanted to see her house. She told me her name when she was about to enter the gate and refused to give me her phone number because she didn\uc0{\u8217}t have a phone. It had a broken screen and she took it to the phone repair but I knew this later.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next morning I went to her home, I found her mom. When her mom asked me why I wanted her daughter, I told her \uc0{\u8220}I got in a bus with her yesterday, I am in love with her, I will marry her once I am done with school\uc0{\u8221}. Her mother went to call her and I still remember she said to her \uc0{\u8220}Your fianc\uc0{\u233} is here looking for you\uc0{\u8221}. I smiled a little bit. She found me outside, she looked happy but pretended to be angry. She shouted at me that I embarrassed her in front of her mother. When she calmed down, I asked her, are you done talking? Then I told her that I was in love with her and I was not leaving here until I get her number.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She told me that, she didn\uc0{\u8217}t have a phone. I decided to give her my Samsung S10 phone. I said to her that \uc0{\u8220}There is a number there and I will be calling you on it\uc0{\u8221}. She took it and went back inside the house and I went back. She was so happy but acted like she wasn\uc0{\u8217}t moved. We would text message all the time and call each other. I found it very exciting. Slowly she started to give in, every single day I could go to her home to talk to her. Until after two weeks we kissed for the first time and she told me that she also loved me at first sight just that she was not sure if it and now she is sure. Our relationship is going well and I hope to marry her when I am done with my studies.}}\par
\sect
}