{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy06\hr15\min00\sec57}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy06\hr15\min00\sec57}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was a talented girl, intelligent and socially gifted. However, I never felt enough. I loved learning, reading and buying books on my way back home but my parents considered it a waste of money, believing my success had no benefit. Despite being ignored, I always tried my best. I remember they hired a private tutor for my brother, investing in his success while any amount spent on me seemed like draining the family\uc0{\u8217}s capital. Why should a girl study, learn, and succeed? The focus was always on investing in my brother. They sacrifice our lives and progress, steal the future we could build, simply because we are women. They shape our lives as they please, while recognizing their sons as the heroic saviors of their old age.And the only thing expected of the girls was to get married before it was too late. They never recognized me as someone belonging to the family. Even amid crowds, I felt lonely. Despite my efforts, the neglect continued.From childhood, we were taught that girls never belong to their families but are the property of their husband\uc0{\u8217}s family and must learn how to behave with their husbands and their families.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That\uc0{\u8217}s why everything we learn from childhood is related to getting married. As if we have no identity of our own. The family protects us to keep us pure and chaste for our future husband.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No one told us to learn cooking to make delicious food for ourselves but to keep our husbands satisfied. Women were regarded as beings devoid of any feelings, obligated to fulfill the masculine needs of their men. We were taught that we have no right to say no. The husband commands, and we obey. No one taught us to be ourselves; from childhood, our roles were defined for us as wives and mothers, and our needs were never important. What matters is to be obedient to the husband. It hurt when women, even girls my age, accepted their duty as solely raising children and serving their husbands. I was called foolish for studying hard when, ultimately, I wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t be allowed to work. None of this nonsense could stop me. But there was always a fear that permeated my entire being. Can I stand alone against this ruthless patriarchal world, a world that tries its hardest to destroy my dreams? Living in this terrifying world was never easy. Sometimes, I can\uc0{\u8217}t believe how I manage to survive. Before 18, most of my friends and classmates got married.Even though I knew that my friends had stopped fighting for their lives, it broke my heart every time one of them got married and it became harder to hold on to hope. A bitter memory keeps coming to my mind. I went to a party once.I saw a little girl I knew, after a long time, now she was 15 years old.She was so thin, I thought she would pass out right now, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe that someone so weak and skinny could survive.As I was sad for the girl who might be sick. The sound of congratulating the family hit me hard like a sledgehammer. They married the oppressed girl.It breaks my heart every time a child is forced into marriage.\uc0{\u160} According to the nonsense law of Islam, a woman is obliged to satisfy her husband\uc0{\u8217}s sexual needs and she has no right to say no.If she says no, the husband has the right to punish her and in the worst case, he is allowed to rape her. All these nonsense rules, all these pains and sufferings passed from my mind in a fraction of a second.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Child marriage is horrible nightmare. I am sure all victims of child marriage are dead inside. Imagine you must give up all your dreams. You are a child but not allowed to be anymore. You want to play with your friends, but you must do the house chores. You still need care, but from now on, you must take care of your children. You cannot decide for your own personal life. You must put the needs of your family first. You are expected to do it. It is your duty.Even the thought of it makes me terrified because I deeply disliked the idea of becoming a mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tolerating the world where women always must sacrifice their dreams to survive was killing me. That is why I took refuge in a fantasy world. Seeking sanctuary in dreams and imagination was a temporary solution, but my only option.I pictured a world where I was free, making decisions for myself. No one dictated what clothes I wore or how I styled my hair. The light breeze through my hair in that imaginary world felt exhilarating.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While I\uc0{\u8217}m brewing tea for myself, I\uc0{\u8217}m thinking about which of Sohrab Sepehri\uc0{\u8217}s poetry books to choose today to soothe my soul a bit.Then I take my book and tea to the porch , sit on my beautiful, soft purple chair.I enjoy the gentle breeze blowing. I enjoy my entire life. Even this red dress with its large flowers excites me. All the colorful pots in front of me. Everything is enjoyable and full of peace for me. I want to give all the love in the world to myself. I deserve it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And sometimes I would take my daydreaming to the extreme. I imagined myself as a white dove, soaring in the blue sky with captivating clouds. I spread my wings and fly, landing on a branch of a tall, sturdy tree. From up here, everything looks so peaceful. Everything is so beautiful. I am a bird, and how serene it is. Free from all slavery, at peace with the entire world. In my colorful world, women are happy and powerful. No one is forced to marry. In the realm of imagination, I envisioned a beautiful island where everything was perfect. All women, like sisters, lived together without judgment, discussing our feelings openly.What a wonderful world!My mom called me, so it is time to back to reality. I would put on my headscarf and go help her, while my brother watched TV, too busy to contribute.It is so silly, but men think women are created to serve them. This is not true but the reality of most of women\uc0{\u8217}s life.}}\par
\sect
}