{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy12\hr15\min22\sec35}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy12\hr15\min22\sec35}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 IMMORAL MAGISTRATE}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What would you do if you were one of them?The story tells about a man who impregnated a widow and later on his son also impregnated his half-sister without knowing. The matter challenged the families in the way the man failed to handle it as he was the source of the incest in his family until he decided to leave both his job and family for abroad to escape from his humiliation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr Mukendi was a magistrate at a court in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. This one was married to his first wife whose name was Daniella. As a magistrate, he used to judge people regarding their arguments and rights no matter how some could oppose his judgement for different reasons . Seeing that some cases involved ladies, young widows and divorced women, the immortality started leading him to misbehave until he convinced a widow called Mireille whose husband was murdered by a group of gunmen. What convinced the widow was the promise of winning the case and other financial support. Surely after many trials, the widow won the case and three gunmen were found guilty and it resulted in a death sentence to them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the days passed, the magistrate pleaded himself to cheating secretly. Seeing that Mireille was happy with all the support that Mukendi used to give her, she really showed to love him and this made her become almost the wife of Mukendi though everything was hidden for his job security. And the distance of about 25 km between Mukendi\uc0{\u8217}s place and Mireille\uc0{\u8217}s could not easily allow Daniella to know about it. In living such a life, they happened to have a baby girl whose name was Chantale. Mireille\uc0{\u8217}s family tried to know the father of the baby through different family conversations with their daughter but nothing was revealed because that was Mukendi\uc0{\u8217}s instruction to her.After they failed to know the truth, the family left the matter on the ground and Mireille continued interacting with the magistrate in one way or another. Mireille\uc0{\u8217}s family-in-law only considered the first child boy whose father was murdered to be theirs and rejected Chantale whose father was not revealed to them. The family-in-law took their grandson when he was 10 years old. They sent him to Goma to stay with his uncle who was living there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Even though people can keep quiet, days can tell the truth\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}said my pastor Jo\uc0{\u235}l.Fifteen years later, Mukendi sent his son Bonheur to a boarding school. After one year Mireille also sent her daughter Chantale to the same boarding school without revealing the family relationship to the two children. What interested Mireille to send her daughter to the same school was that the school headmaster was her uncle and this made the headmaster exempt Chantale\uc0{\u8217}s school fees. At that time, Bonheur and Chantale whose ages were almost the same (14 and 13) became classmates from form 3 to form 6. They really became not only classmates but also friends.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Being friends, they also fell in love at school. Their love stayed in secret because none wanted to inform the parents as they still had the plan to go to university after completing their secondary studies. Though they had such a plan, they ignored it to avoid playing with sex but pleased themselves with it. Reaching form 6 the year to write their national examination, Bonheur was already 18 and Chantale was 17. Four months before writing their national examination, Bonheur impregnated Chantale and made the school administration invite their parents before their dismissal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, the headmaster invited Mr Mukendi and Mireille to explain the matter to them. They went to the school and heard everything that shocked them so much. After hearing that in the presence of their two children, Mukendi loudly spoke :\uc0{\u8221}Eeeeeeishh Am I dreaming or not?\uc0{\u8221} None of the children and headmaster understood what he meant because his deepest regret and shock was the son who impregnated his half-sister. So, Mukendi and Mireille asked their children to go back home and stayed in the school office together with the headmaster to talk deeply. Being wordless and amazed, Mukendi just sat in a chair bowing his head with his two hands on it.\uc0{\u8221} What do you say?\uc0{\u8221} Asked the headmaster to Mukendi. \uc0{\u8221}Nothing to say now,\uc0{\u8221} replied Mukendi . On the side of Mireille, she failed to bear the anguish until she revealed the secret to the headmaster. When the headmaster knew that both Bonheur and Chantale were Mukendi\uc0{\u8217}s children, he then asked Mukendi again to ensure if the explanations of Mireille were true. \uc0{\u8221} Is it true that both Bonheur and Chantale are your children?\uc0{\u8221} asked the headmaster. \uc0{\u8221}Eeee, yes it is. Please let\uc0{\u8217}s handle everything secretly\uc0{\u8221} answered Mukendi.\uc0{\u8221}Why did you not tell your children about their family relationship before? And do you think you can tell them now? Asked the headmaster. Both Mukendi and Mireille answered nothing because they regretted not having told the truth to their children, fearing the secret to reach Daniella.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Finally, the headmaster showed them the impossibility to maintain the children at school as long as it was not allowed to keep such students there. He therefore asked them to leave his office without any promise to interfere in the problem caused by themselves. From the office, Mukendi and Mireille went straight to Mireille\uc0{\u8217}s place and left the city for Kenya the same day together with Chantale. Going there was a way to escape from the shame and the under 18 court case that would take Mukendi, as a magistrate, to humiliation. All of this made Mukendi leave the country without informing his family. What he understood was that the headmaster would take the case to justice because he consciously realised that he did not do right things matching with his responsibilities in the community. One day after, the headmaster invited Daniella and her son Bonheur to explain to them after hearing that Mukendi left them for Kenya without informing them. When both Daniella and her son heard that, the things confused them in the way they failed to start arguing because they heard something new to hear that Chantale was Mukendi\uc0{\u8217}s daughter. So, they returned home and also decided to sell everything they had and went to Lubumbashi because of the humiliation that they failed to live with in the city. This is how Mukendi\uc0{\u8217}s family dispersed fearing the shame caused by Mukendi\uc0{\u8217}s immorality.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}