{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy24\hr13\min37\sec44}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy24\hr13\min37\sec44}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Imprisoned Truths}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i Chapter one \uc0{\u8220}Convicted\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Do You know what\uc0{\u8217}s worse than murder, it\uc0{\u8217}s not the guilt you feel after, nor the sight of blood oozing from a lifeless body and the images imprinted in your brain vowing to hunt you for the rest of eternity, it\uc0{\u8217}s not the cries and curses from the victims loved ones that look at you with anger and wish death upon you, it\uc0{\u8217}s not all that, what\uc0{\u8217}s worse is being accused of murder, Yes that\uc0{\u8217}s worse!, living your life being blamed for something you never did and the hatred you carry in your heart towards everyone who never believed you and accused you, Yeah that\uc0{\u8217}s how I felt for decades my innocence drowned in my own shadow.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a lovely summer day with the sun hanging high in the sky, its golden rays enveloping my skin like a warm bath. The heat was just perfect, while a fresh breeze kissed my cheeks, sending a delightful chill down my spine. Each breath I took was longer and more exhilarating than the last. Summertime was brimming with fun and full of activities, parties to attend, and friends to visit. Most importantly, the school was about to start. I was thrilled to become a college senior, brimming with plans for the year. Yet, in all the excitement I had, an uneasy feeling lingered in my chest, as if a heavy weight pressed down, making it hard to breathe. It felt as if a dark figure lurked in the shadows, watching my every move. \uc0{\u8220}is this a bad omen?\uc0{\u8221} I wondered, but I soon brushed the thought aside, smiling at the excitement of what lay ahead.Monday morning, the 13th of September, I was awakened by voices calling my name. I hated being woken up for no reason, especially when sleep was at its sweetest. Clinging to my warm blanket like a puppy nestled in its mother\uc0{\u8217}s fur, I felt enveloped in a perfect creation, a warm hug that made me smile I tried to ignore the distant voices, longing to sink back into the abyss of sleep and lose myself in the limitless world of dreams. But just as I was reaching that sweet spot, the voices grew louder and louder.\uc0{\u8220}Patrick! Patrick! Wake up!\uc0{\u8221}The voice was louder than before, accompanied by the blinding light shining on my face. I moaned, \uc0{\u8220}Go away,\uc0{\u8221} rolling over like a bear in hibernation. But my sister persisted, shaking me and yanking the blanket away.\uc0{\u8220}Sarah, leave me alone,\uc0{\u8221} I shouted, my voice loud enough to shake the walls. For a moment, she seemed to give up, but the silence was soon broken by a sweet, soothing voice.\uc0{\u8220}wake up, you grumpy head,\uc0{\u8221} she whispered. As I opened my eyes, my gaze met a beautiful girl with a smile on her face- my best friend, Sandra.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Oh, hey Sandra,\uc0{\u8221} I whispered back, dragging myself out of my little paradise. How Could I forget what day it was, this was the day it all began. We were supposed to attend what was called a youth festival, one event we planned before the cycle of assignments, essays, presentations, and quizzes of the senior year started.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That day feels like a lifetime ago but is still fresh in my memories, Here I am sitting in a cold and dark cell, the walls closing in around me. My dreams of a carefree senior year shattered into pieces. Here I am on death row, accused of murder I didn\uc0{\u8217}t commit. Failed by the same government that is supposed to be just and protect its citizens but every night and day I replay the events that led me here, trying to make sense of it all.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On our way to the festival, having a couple of friends with us, and singing along to country music along the way, we laughed and nodded our heads in excitement and joy, but our trip was cut short by a multitude of people protesting and rioting, our country had so many problems, unemployment, poor governance, just to mention a few. People matching to the state house wanting their concerns to be heard we stood there waiting for a way to be cleared, overtaken by the chanting and singing and screaming we joined the protest. I was hesitant at first not wanting to join along but soon gave in to the idea that It was a peaceful protest little did I know what seemed to be a peaceful protest would turn deadly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The protests turned into riots, people started breaking things and throwing stones, I began to panic and my heart started beating fast, I looked around but could not see Sandra or any of my friends because we were separated due to the chaos that had erupted, everyone was running and screaming, moments letter the police and military soldiers started arresting and chasing people, trying to head back a look around for Sandra people fought back against the police not wanting to give up, then shots fired, from a distance I heard gunshots so loud I felt as if my eardrums where busting, the gunshots continued and continued running falling to catch my breath that\uc0{\u8217}s when it happened, I saw a woman lying on the floor, covered in blood I tried to help her out there was blood all over, I began to have a panic attack as I was covered in her blood and watched here laying there lifeless.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When the police arrived, they found me covered in blood. I was arrested on the spot. The trial was swift. There was no real evidence, just circumstantial, but it was enough to convict me. The victim\uc0{\u8217}s family wanted someone to pay, and I was an easy target. My public defender was overworked and underprepared. The jury didn\uc0{\u8217}t care about the lack of evidence; they just wanted justice for the girl.In this cell, the morning routine is the same every day. The sound of metal doors clinking, the dragging footsteps of guards, and the far-off whispers of other prisoners. A glimmer of sunlight peeks in through the small window high up on the wall, reminding me of the outside world I could never see again. My dad\uc0{\u8217}s solid handshakes, my mom\uc0{\u8217}s consoling hugs, and Sarah\uc0{\u8217}s obnoxious but charming persistence are all things that come to me when I think about my family. They haven\uc0{\u8217}t been coming around as much, and I don\uc0{\u8217}t blame them. It hurts me to watch them suffer, and it hurts them to see me like this.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The guards here have a way of reducing you to a helpless, little person. Not your name, but your number is how they call you. I\uc0{\u8217}m just another college student with hopes for the future, not Patrick to them. I am a killer, inmate 6783. A few of them are vile people who take pleasure in their control over us. Others just go about their business, unaffected. Officer Chongwe, one guard, in particular, sticks out though. In a calm, unassuming way, he is kind. His lovely eyes remind me of the humanity that\uc0{\u8217}s too frequently forgotten in such a setting, even though he doesn\uc0{\u8217}t say much. While on his rounds one evening, he made a stop by my cell. He enquired, \uc0{\u8221}How are you holding up, kid?\uc0{\u8221} I shrugged, at a loss for words. \uc0{\u8221}Always maintain a positive attitude. He continued, saying, \uc0{\u8221}Even when it seems impossible, the truth sometimes finds a way to surface. His comments stuck with me like a tiny glimmer of optimism amid the shadows.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This was the beginning of my life caged for something I did not do, my parents were doing their best to raise money for a good lawyer to defend me, and maybe the truth could come out, every single day I regret every moment of that day, it haunts me like a shadow always there where ever I am.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This marked the beginning of my life in prison day and night holding on to hope yet it seemed so far, extending out my hand in the dark hoping someone might grab me, I never thought it would come to this being convicted of murder yet so innocent full of dreams and ambitions and the only way out if betting on if my parents found a good lawyer, hoping for one day the truth to come out. But thinking how the state of my country, surviving is the best option at this point. I sit caged in my cell watching as my hope fade away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}