{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy16\hr21\min34\sec30}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy16\hr21\min34\sec30}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Growing up, I never thought my writer\uc0{\u8217}s life would change from paper to electronic back to paper. I am Progress Mwareya. I live in Chimanimani, Rusitu district in Vhumisai Village under Chief Ngorima in east Zimbabwe, right on the border with the republic of Mozambique. I am a writer without a laptop, who has never owned one, and types on paper, onto WhatsApp and using \uc0{\u8216}poached\uc0{\u8217} mobile broadband signals. I then pass the draft to an editor in the city with instructions to contact editors who are located tens of thousands of miles away in Europe or US \uc0{\u8211} like you at Goat Pol.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have written for the likes of Reuters using my very \uc0{\u8216}traditional\uc0{\u8217} way that perhaps a writer in Seoul, Johannesburg or Berlin with a Dell or IBM laptop might think its \uc0{\u8216}ineffective, outdated or unthinkable in 2022\uc0{\u8217}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Before you feel pity for my situation \uc0{\u8211} I don\uc0{\u8217}t feel poor, I feel like a writer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In this modern world we are living technology is being up graded accordingly. If you\uc0{\u8217}re in London, Tokyo, Paris and you are a writer, I am sure you\uc0{\u8217}d assume that ICT gadgets are making work and life easy everywhere \uc0{\u8211} desktop computers, laptop, smartphones, tablets.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That\uc0{\u8217}s a very incorrect assumption to make as my unlikely journey as a writer shall tell you. I have been a \uc0{\u8216}serious\uc0{\u8217} writer since 2017, but I have never been able to afford a computer and so I started by writing professionally with pen and paper in Chimanimani, east Zimbabwe. Did I feel inferior that I was doing it on pen and paper in 2018 while much of the writing world was hooked on laptops? Not at all.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then came Chinese made cheap smartphone (the Gtels), which became popular here in Chimanimani, Zimbabwe, then finally writers like me could afford a $50 China-made Gtel smartphone (not really \uc0{\u8216}smart\uc0{\u8217}) but almost \uc0{\u8216}smartphone anyway\uc0{\u8221}. At last, too I moved from the generation of writing exclusively using papers and pen to storing information on digital servers. But again, to fully adopt the digital writing, email was needed. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know how to open or use email in my life I must admit. Until a uncle abroad in 2018 showed me instructions on how to open a Gmail account, insisting \uc0{\u8220}it\uc0{\u8217}s going to be the most important account of your life.\uc0{\u8221} Again, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t feel bad then of being a 32-year-old writer and being unable to use an email in 2018 or now. I remember at a writer\uc0{\u8217}s retreat sponsored by Thomson Reuters Foundation in Johannesburg, South Africa. It was my first time to be in Africa\uc0{\u8217}s most glittering city, Johannesburg, it was my first time to be in an airplane, it was my first time to sleep in a hotel \uc0{\u8211} and it was my first time to use Gmail. I was in the midst of writers from all over Africa, journalists who had contributed to publications like Newsweek and they were hunched on their laptops taking notes from facilitators. I was typing on my $50 Chinese-made \uc0{\u8216}smartphone\uc0{\u8221} but I felt at home as a fellow writer from a prestigious publication, properly showed me how to hook onto Wi-fi and open and interact with Gmail. I loved Gmail so much and got hooked to its feature. I know this is laughable to some writers elsewhere because \uc0{\u8211} well \uc0{\u8211} Gmail is \uc0{\u8216}just a goddam email\uc0{\u8217}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In Chimanimani where I live, is one of Zimbabwe\uc0{\u8217}s most underdeveloped rural districts. For broadband internet \uc0{\u8216}3G\uc0{\u8217} via mobile cellphone towers, we rely on signals from Netone, Zimbabwe\uc0{\u8217}s state cellphone agency. But our country\uc0{\u8217}s mobile signals are so weak that we \uc0{\u8216}poach\uc0{\u8217} signals from Mozambique, a neighboring country, whose cellphone towers relay faster LTE networks. Thus, I am a writer with no laptop and writing on \uc0{\u8216}poached\uc0{\u8217} foreign cellphone signals to contact editors.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However, although I have moved my writing to cellular phone, I still heavily use pen and paper to draft ideas, write the meat of stories, send by WhatsApp to a mentor in the city and get them to edit my draft and properly format for an editor and get them to send my writing via my Gmail account. I have tried to download Office Word on my $50 \uc0{\u8216}smartphone\uc0{\u8217} but the software is weighty and wobbles on my limited \uc0{\u8216}smartphone\uc0{\u8217}, so typed by WhatsApp and send to an editor in the city who then transmit my work to an editor via Gmail is super-helpful for me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wonder what will happen to me one day when I have saved enough to buy a laptop that can host a full range of software like Word and web Gmail. I don\uc0{\u8217}t think I\uc0{\u8217}d like a laptop as a writer one day because I\uc0{\u8217}m so used to that romantic situation of being one of the diminishing writers who use WhatsApp, pen and paper to write stories and connect with editors via a $50 \uc0{\u8216}smartphone\uc0{\u8217}. A laptop will take away the \uc0{\u8216}romanticism\uc0{\u8217} of this from me. I don\uc0{\u8217}t want a laptop \uc0{\u8211} but I may want a writer\uc0{\u8217}s laptop someday.}}\par
\sect
}