{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy14\hr05\min56\sec23}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy14\hr05\min56\sec23}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In Search for School Fees}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My name is Mundi. I was born in a small village called Kahungwe, a village located in the Congo\uc0{\u8217}s South Kivu province, specifically in the Uvira territory. 98% of the villagers have only one main activity that helps them generate income. They do field work for their survival. The majority of my community members go to work at 5 or 6 am and come back home at 2 or 3 pm. My family was one of the other village families that could cultivate the ground to generate money to respond to the family\uc0{\u8217}s needs, such as buying food and clothes, getting medical treatments, and paying school fees. Overall, villagers were living in extreme poverty due to the shortage of a variety of activities to generate income.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was on a Monday at the very beginning of November, during the rainy season when I went to a school that charges school fees in the nearest village. At that time, I was 15 and I had to go to school and come back home after class. I used to go to school by feed every morning. The distance was about five kilometers far from our village. Once in class, in form three, a teacher who was in charge of collecting the school fees asked me for the monthly payment for the previous month. I had no money, and I was obliged to go back home. While I was on my way going home, it started raining heavily. I was wet but my copybooks were not because I put them in a plastic bag. I was shivering with cold. When I arrived home, I changed the wet clothes and I told my parents about the situation. They told me that they had not enough money to pay not only my school fees but my two sisters\uc0{\u8217} and elder brother\uc0{\u8217}s school feed, buy food, and respond to other needs. The parents told me to wait for a few days until they find the money. I spent a week without going to school. It was really sad!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Because of the shortage of money in our family, I decided to do two main activities to generate income and decrease some of the parents\uc0{\u8217} expenses. The activities were doing fieldwork and producing charcoals. In the rainy season, I could grow potatoes and maize to generate money, and during the dry season, I could go to the nearest forest to cut down trees to produce charcoal. These two activities could be done in the afternoon after classes. I could grow those plants on the family\uc0{\u8217}s farm and harvest them after at least three months. Producing charcoal could take place after cutting trees into small pieces. Then, I could lay them on the ground one on another and seal them with a layer of grasses and soil. Also, I could leave a small space eastward uncovered because the east was the source of wind. The uncovered place was where I had to set fire to burn the trees. Also, I could leave a small hole behind to allow the smoke to pass. After harvesting and producing charcoal, I could sell the harvests and charcoal to get money.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Whenever I got the money, I could use it for the benefit of the entire family. The money could be used to pay my school fees and buy clothes and shoes and the remaining amount could be used to pay my siblings\uc0{\u8217} school fees or help them buy clothes or shoes as well. Thanks to the help of my parents and the practices of burning trees to produce charcoal and doing fieldwork, my siblings and I completed secondary school. However, I did not know how I was negatively affecting the environment before. Over time, I understood that I was causing deforestation but I am glad to mention that my father planted 100 trees 2 years after I completed high school. He contributed to reforestation.}}\par
\sect
}