{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy01\hr17\min02\sec20}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy01\hr17\min02\sec20}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everyone has a memory from someone in somewhere. It can be reminiscent, happy and tragic. For me flying by airplane was a bitter memory. Whenever the airplane took off, it took me where it all started the same flight, the same sky, the same air, the same clouds at the highest place where I could see the sky with its white and blue clouds from a clear angle. Where I could see the mountains and the deserts that were covered with the white cloth and the smalls birds that were flying in the luminous horizons. The drops of rain on the airplane window again reminded me him that how he came to my life and it always hurt me that even I did not like to go by the flight because it started from a flight.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Several years ago, I had a flight in early morning. When I reached to the airport I saw a man who was staring at me at the terminal. After getting my boarding pass, I went to the upstairs and sat at the waiting hall with other passengers that he came there too. I was frustrated because I could not sleep the whole night, so that I do not miss my flight. When I went to the airplane and sat on my seat another man came and sit next to me but suddenly that man at the terminal reached to him and said,\uc0{\u8221} Excuse me sir! it is my seat.\uc0{\u8221} I was really angry when he sat next to me and I thought that he is stalking me. I wanted to change my seat unfortunately there was no empty seat. I thought its okay as it takes just one hour and ten minutes to reach my destination.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the way, he started talking to me and I thought that he was not a bad guy. He seemed to be a wise and educated person. He told me that he voluntarily worked on a project to educate the girls and women and asked if I was interested in social works. I said yes. When we reached to our distention he asked for my number to discuss about the details of the project. I gave him my number without hesitation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After getting the luggage, he went on his way and I came home when I received his text message and call. He said that he had a seat in the business class but to talk to me and to get my number he had changed his seat to economy. He said there is not such a project but he took my number since he fell in love with me at the first sight in the terminal and he found me really different, beautiful and attractive. Although, he told me lie about the project but I did not get mind. It was the first time that I was talking to man and for the first time I fell in love with him.\uc0{\u160} It seemed that I had found my prince charming. I had already read about the knights and in this fairy tale, I thought he was one of them. Soon I got addicted to chat and talk to him over the phone although I never saw him again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He was always busy with his works and days and nights I was waiting for his call and text messages. Sometimes the phone fell down on my face when I was a sleep but he did not text me. Sometimes his phone was off for weeks even for months he was not available but I kept checking his profile Photo each moment, so that he becomes online and I impatiently waited for his responses. He worked in another region. After two years, he proposed me to marry him during a conversation. I could not believe it but he said he was serious and I felt as if I was the happiest girl in the world.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He asked me to talk to his mother too and she told me that they come to our house to talk to my family about our marriage even his sister talked to me and told me that her brother really loved me a lot. I was so excited because I was really into him and I waited for them till one day I saw his brother\uc0{\u8217}s status on social media that he was engaged. I could not believe it. I felt dizzy. I fell down on the ground. The room and everything were turning around my head. Many times, I thought as if it is a bad dream but when I read the peoples\uc0{\u8217} comments, I knew that it was not and it was real. I called him but he did not pick up the phone. I called him from another number several times then he said, \uc0{\u8220}Yes!\uc0{\u8221} the music sound was so loud that I could hear it behind the phone. I cried and said why? He went out and said, \uc0{\u8220}Because my family decided for me. I am engaged with a rich girl who is our relative too. Your status was different than mine and I can not accept that my future wife works outside the house to support her family.\uc0{\u8221} I just disconnected the phone and cried that night till noon but it did not help me. That night not just my heart burnt but I felt burning by each veins of mine. \uc0{\u160}I had everything but I was not rich as him and the fact that he left me and chose someone else because of money, hurt me the most. I loved him because of himself not because of his money and other materials since then, I could neither forget nor forgive him and he was always in my mind. I refused so many proposals because I truly loved him and whenever I had to fly from one destination to another, I was crying the whole way since it reminded me him when he swore that except me he will not get married with anyone else. For me the time was stopped there and I could never come out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Today, again I am sitting in the flight; although, I did not want to and it reminded me the past. Again, tears filled my eyes that I heard someone, \uc0{\u8220}What is hurting you my daughter and why are you crying?\uc0{\u8221} I looked on my right and saw an old woman who was setting next to me. I said these are not tears but they are those old memories that fall down from my eyes as dark clouds cover my broken heart whenever I sit in the plane. She sighed in pain and said, \uc0{\u8220}I understood. Someone has broken your heart too.\uc0{\u8221} she had a white wrinkled skin with hazel eyes. Her white hair was shown under the scarf, \uc0{\u8220}Same as you I was young and beautiful when I met him.\uc0{\u8221} She continued,\uc0{\u8221} He was meant to be made for me and whenever I went on a trip he was there setting next to me. His manly shoulder was the place that I could fall asleep during the long trips but one day he went on a trip and he never came back.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I waited for him for so many years and searched the airports but he was nowhere. I searched him among the crowd Whenever a plane took off but I could not find him. One day, I knew that he was living with another woman in another country. Now I have nothing from him except some old memories that never leave me alone. In the heart of sky behind the window still I can see his face. Whenever I look at the clouds they remind me his smile and his eyes but do you really know what hurts the most? Waiting for someone who will never come back, knowing the fact that he will not be yours but he will be someone \uc0{\u8216}s forever, broken promises and an innocent\uc0{\u8217}s heart, being loyal when they are not. \uc0{\u160}If tears could work, I would have had a river from my tears, I would water all these dry and plain deserts with my tears but my tears could not bring him back.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 More than anyone else, I have hurt myself because my hair became white when I was quite young and my face got wrinkled. My eyes do not see properly and my hands are shaking. This is all lie that lovers\uc0{\u8217} hearts are connected because my sigh and pain could melt the mountains into rocks but it did not have an affect in his heart. This is not only the glass that breaks down even hearts break down into pieces and once it happened they will not get fixed. After him, I could never become normal nor I could fall in love again while he is living happily with his family. This is my advice for you not hurt yourself anymore. Let go of the past and remove those memorize that hurt you. If someone was yours he/she would breakdown the mountains, would have crossed the rivers, even from another continent would come back to you and will never break your heart. Fight for the one who stands for you and cry for the one who makes you smile.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Those who break your heart for any reasons, do not deserve that you waste your precious tears for them because this pain breaks you down and when you know that it is too late. Just live your life and enjoy each moment because once it was gone it won\uc0{\u8217}t be back again. Smile for the sake of those who truly love you. When someone did not understand your value and leave you for anyone else they do not deserve to be part of your memorize.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This road that you are going through now, I have reached to its end but found nothing except loneliness, disappointment, sorrows and pain. There are some destinations that we can go with others the same as this trip but in life journey you need someone who truly loves you, adores you, be faithful with you, neither leave you nor break your heart.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u160}She became silent and I thought that her story was really the same as mine. We both had things in common above all we both had a broken heart. I was thinking about her when we reached to our destination.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She did not have the luggage except a hand bag. She smiled at me, I waved my hand and she went away. I thought she was right each fairy tale does not end happily ever after and anyone who comes to our life are not supposed to be the prince/princess of our dreams. Some people do not value the true feelings and break a relation as well as their promises only for money. \uc0{\u160}I came out of the airport and looked up. It was a cloudy winter afternoon the rain drops washed my face and removed that gold digger\uc0{\u8217}s memory from all the layers of my life.}}\par
\sect
}