{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy14\hr20\min16\sec05}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy14\hr20\min16\sec05}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the shadow 5}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Petals}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mai Noku had always been a rose with colourful petals. Among the daughters born to her father, everyone wandered why she looked way more beautiful than the rest of her sisters. As she grew up, she naturally found favour with a lot of relatives simply because she looked pretty. Everyone would book her for a photoshoot to enhance the walls of their houses with the looks of this gracious flower. When she reached puberty stage, her hormones answered to the call of nurture and built for her a body that every other girl would wish for. Mai Noku\uc0{\u8217}s father would always joke saying that he would ask for sixty cows for his daughter\uc0{\u8217}s bride price as her husband would be inheriting the perfect gene to grow his dynasty. Obviously it was five times more expensive than the normal bride price at that time. With the rising sun of her college days, she opened her petals and bloomed. Confidence\uc0{\u160} and a conservative character was also its home as she had been watered with streams of advice every day of her life by her father. He wanted the best for her hence did not want to risk anything going wrong with Mai Noku. She became the youngest girl to be crowned as queen at her high school\uc0{\u8217}s annual modelling contest and eventually was made Headgirl of the school. Of course the high school headboy and many other boys had crushes on her but the flower did not allow bees to collect nectar from her. She only kept her honey ingredient for the lucky man who was to marry her. No matter how much aroma she let out, those attracted would all find themselves friend-zone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Baba Noku was the only man she had ever deeply warmed up to. When their relationship took its roots, everyone was sure that nothing would come out of it simply because they thought Mai Noku was haunted by a spirit which drove made her drive men away from her. Soon enough she would be bored and history would repeat itself. However, the more people waited to confirm their hypothesis, the deeper she got entwined with her boyfriend. She decided that he was to be the man she let her guard down for and with time, the stars smiled at her decision. They eventually wedded in a church. At this time she had grown to become a beautiful woman with breathtaking looks. A temptation for many though her values were laden in stone. She was to be a girlfriend and a wife for one person regardless of whatever negative situation that would befall her. Baba Noku\uc0{\u8217}s older brother Sam, for a long time, had expressed subtle interests in his mainini, his brother\uc0{\u8217}s wife. One day, during a family gathering, Mai Noku had been cooking in the kitchen when Sam was passing and brushed his hands on her back. She felt violated and looked sharply at him with discontent to the point that he had to excuse himself to leave the gathering early. Mai Noku did not discuss it with her husband because she did not want to cause tension between them. However she had vowed that the next time something like that happened, all hell would break loose. At gatherings that followed he would just smile from a distance and comment greatly that her food was the best he had ever eaten. Obviously everyone just thought that he was just complementing his brother\uc0{\u8217}s wife\uc0{\u8217}s cooking skills.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was on a Saturday morning, two days after Mai Noku had been served with summons to court concerning her house. She had been sitting under the shade of the macadamia tree in the front of her house overlooking the garden of flowers she had grown and nurtured. The environment was so tranquil only hearing sounds of cars passing by from time to time. Birds chirped as they danced in the tree leaves with the buzzing sound of bees giving a finish to the orchestra. She herself was lost in her thoughts when a knock on the gate startled her. Without checking who it was she pressed the remote button to open the black gate. There stood someone she least expected, wearing a formal heard, checkered shirt khaki chinos trousers. He made his way in walking in a relaxed manner with a little smile on his face.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Sam, what are you doing here?\uc0{\u8221} Mai Noku asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}A little good morning from you wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t hurt, would it? It\uc0{\u8217}s not like we are enemies, right?\uc0{\u8221} He replied. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Okay, so now answer the question. What are you doing here?\uc0{\u8221} Mai Noku looked him straight into the eye.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ve just come to check on my brother\uc0{\u8217}s wife whom I haven\uc0{\u8217}t heard from in a while. Are you okay?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Is that all?\uc0{\u8221} Mai Noku asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sam sighed, and scanned around him like he was looking for something.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Okay, okay fine. You are still a very difficult woman. I\uc0{\u8217}m here to help you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} Did I ask for any help?\uc0{\u8221} She said with a quizzical expression on her face.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}With the house issue about to take ground. I wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t want my brother\uc0{\u8217}s wife not having anywhere to stay. If you remember well, when this house was gifted to you, it remained under our family trust which makes you not a beneficiary since you did not have any children with him who bear our family name. I can tell from the worried look on your face that my brother had not told you this arrangement. In light to that, as according to our custom, I am proposing that you marry me and have children for me. In that case you can get to keep this beautiful house and I will take good care of you and your family more than what my brother did.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mai Noku frowned and looked disgusted by what this man was proposing. She wondered how on earth he had the nerve to come and suggest such rubbish. It had not even been a year since Baba Noku passed and someone was already plotting to undertake what he had longed to do for a while. This made her very angry.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Sam, over my dead body. Not in a lifetime will you see me ever agreeing to marry you. Besides you want to give me all the diseases you acquire from the many women you spent your nights with.Never!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Amai Noku, I know you think I\uc0{\u8217}m a bad person but I\uc0{\u8217}m not. All I\uc0{\u8217}ve ever done is because I love you. It\uc0{\u8217}s just unfortunate that my brother got to meet you first. You are all I think about each day.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Hahada! Look at you. A whole grown up man with no shame. What do you want the whole world to think about. That you killed your brother so you could have his wife? I would rather go and stay with my parents that indulge in such.\uc0{\u8221} Mai Noku laughed sarcastically.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Besides, the whole family is saying that you bewitched your unborn child and use her for rituals to kill my brother so you could have his belongings. No one will be able to support you in court.\uc0{\u8221} Sam replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My Noku was infuriated at the mention of her sacrificing her daughter. She stoop up and tried to pick whatever she could find so she could throw at Sam. Upon seeing what she was doing, Sam started making strides going to the gate.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I want to show you that I am a witch who ate her daughter, that\uc0{\u8217}s what you think right?\uc0{\u8221} Mai Noku shouted her face turning red. She picked up stones and started throwing them at Sam. Sam increased his walking pace to the gate as he tried to dodge the stones raining on him some finding their way to his back. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mai Noku followed shouting. \uc0{\u8220} I want to eat you just like I ate my daughter. You and your family!\uc0{\u8221} As she ran towards the gate she started feeling unwell, she had a sharp chest pain, knelt on one knee and collapsed. Upon seeing what had happened, Sam rain back to check on what had happened to her. He held her and saw she was and sweating. He didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what to do and started calling for help hoping that someone would hear him. He looked around and saw the\uc0{\u160} flowers staring at him swaying with the morning breeze. Had he killed her ?}}\par
\sect
}