{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy29\hr15\min49\sec01}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy29\hr15\min49\sec01}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As he stood outside the door, he heard some voices murmuring in the room. It seemed like there were about four people who were having a heated argument at a low volume. \uc0{\u8220}If he doesn\uc0{\u8217}t confess, we have enough evidence for him to be behind bars,\uc0{\u8221} said one of the voices, a female one. A chill ran down his spine accompanied by sweating of his palm and erection of his body hairs. It had just been two months at this institution and yet the decision that he had made to leave Baker tilly corporation was now about to cost him his life . He knocked and there was a moment of silence before the female voice asked him to enter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The previous night, Ronald had spent the rest of it looking at the ledgers and trying to balance the figures. Something was wrong. There was a huge deficit that he was struggling to account for. He had done everything by the book and he knew that failing to account for such would make him lose his job. After going over the figures for the fifteenth time that night, he decided to give up his life to fate and clicked send to submit the statement of financial position. He turned off the bedside lamp, did not even bother to brush his teeth and threw his head on the pillow. It seemed like he had only slept for a minute before the irritating six a.m alarm rang to wake him up.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ronald had been an auditor at Baker tilly corporation before he left his stable job for a higher paying post at Kashmir Private Limited company. He was working as a finance assistant mainly focusing on procurement services. The circumstances to help assuming this job were questioned greatly by his workmates as they alluded this post attainment to his relation to Mr Mawera, the Human Resources manager. To this effect, working at Kashmir was proving to be difficult as his fellow workmates openly showed dislike for him. At some point , Ronald overheard a group of the workers gossiping in the next cubicle. \uc0{\u8220} His presence is making it difficult for us to do our dealings properly. We should find a way to get rid of him,\uc0{\u8221} one of the voices said. The offices were wooden cubicles without glasses hence you could only tell that someone was present if they stood up from their chairs. In this case, they had not seen him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That morning, Ronald had woken up with a clouded consciousness. This was partly because of the lack of enough rest and also due to the fact that his mind had been in turmoil for the rest of the month. For the most part, he was being asked by the procurement manager to handle purchases from a supply chain which involved a lot of middle men. He could not question much as the directives were coming from his superior, someone who had the power to recommend his dismissal. Proof of payments would come late after asking for them for a long time and his signature was seen on documents authorizing purchases with highly inflated prices. At times his superior would just ask him to sign documents hurriedly claiming that everything was behind time. He was drowning and did not know that he was slowly digging his grave.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He dressed up in his brown chinos trousers and a navy blue shirt, quickly ate his millet porridge and caught a commuter omnibus to work. Over the comby radio was an interview for the minister of Justice Legal and Parliamentary Affairs who was assuring the public that the judiciary was to make sure that all perpetrators of the law were brought to the book without fear or favor. This frightened him more. He knew he had a case to answer but couldn\uc0{\u8217}t think of a safe way to explain the mess without nailing himself to the cross. As he walked in late, due to the morning traffic of the Harare central business district, Brad, his coworker, signaled to him that he was wanted in the CEO\uc0{\u8217}s office. He had not even prepared himself for whatever was going to come. Best case scenario, he was to lose his job, go back to the rural areas since he won\uc0{\u8217}t be able to afford the rent in town and start growing maize for a living. Worst case, which was more likely, he was to go to jail for theft and spent his youthful years only to come out as an unmarried fifty year old looking forward to starting afresh. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As Ronald walked into the room, he could feel the tense silence at that time making a loud noise. After being asked to sit, the CEO looked at him and began to speak. \uc0{\u8220}We have been noting huge discrepancies in the submitted balances over the past four months now. We brought you in as a way to see if it was because of the incompetence or unfaithfulness of our hired finance assistants. Now that we have established that our procurement manager is being involved in unscrupulous dealings with the company funds, we kindly ask you to agree to bear witness in court for the charges that we are to lay against him. You will be put under witness protection and hence shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t worry about anything.\uc0{\u8221} Upon hearing this, Ronald was confused. He thought he had heard wrongly but strongly realized that his ears had not deceived him. He made a sigh of relief, asked for a paper and started to write a testimonial of the time he has worked with Mr Banga, the procurement manager .In}}\par
\sect
}