{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy03\hr12\min24\sec12}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy03\hr12\min24\sec12}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mai Noku\uc0{\u8217}s story had not always been written like this. One that always spells out streams of tears on her cheeks. One in which she had to be constantly in a tug of war with her relatives for attention and resources from her late husband. One in which she now had to pretend to paint a picture of a happiness that was just a tip of an iceberg yet the supporting dome of ice under water was cracking and threatening to flood her purpose for existence. It had been a book of love. Written with an introduction that every romantic would want to read over and over. The chronology of the chapters so captivating that one would have already painted a rosy ending. A happy ever after. One in which even death would not have managed to separate them. They were like swans. Swans mate for life. However Mai Noku lost her mate long before his death.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She had been married through a very pompous wedding. Many people had been invited from many golden walks of life as Baba Noku was a successful businessman who was well connected. The wedding ceremony took place at the Anglican Cathedral of St Mary\uc0{\u8217}s and All saints and commanded the attention of every media house, \uc0{\u8220} a love worth dying for,\uc0{\u8221} read the headlines. Shortly after the kiss at the cathedral entrance, just like it is done during the royal weddings, the streets had been filled up with noise from honks of the top notch vehicles that constituted the wedding motorcade as the newlyweds and their esteemed guest headed for an after church ceremony. As Mai Noku witnessed all the attention her wedding had drawn in the streets as they drove off, she marvelled and made a silent prayer of thanks. She hadn\uc0{\u8217}t imagined that her, a girl from humble beginnings, could manage to be cherished in such a way. In the open where everyone could see. The after ceremony had been a party not worth forgetting. This is when they got gifted the house she was staying in.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The days following their wedding were a honeymoon worth reliving. Even when the two returned to their normal daily lives, that word did not exist in their love dictionary. Every day was a page of dynamism. It was like a fairy tale until it had lasted too long for people to start raising eye brows. At family gatherings, Baba Noku\uc0{\u8217}s sisters had started dragging her aside asking her on why she had not yet conceived. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Makhoti, what are you waiting for? It\uc0{\u8217}s high time you bless our brother with a son,\uc0{\u8221} they would maliciously say.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Makhoti is a sindebele word used to refer to a brother\uc0{\u8217}s wife. This was piling a lot of pressure on her to the point that she was becoming uncomfortable at the idea of visiting Baba Noku\uc0{\u8217}s family home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We will give you a muzukuru when we are ready,\uc0{\u8221} she would respond to her aunts who took her word with discontent.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In actual fact, she had been trying to have a baby without fail. They had tried several months in vain even timing at the time of ovulation. Making love to her husband was slowly becoming a duty as the need for a baby was now clouding everything. The two had visited a doctor where a semen analysis was first done on Baba Noku which came back stating that there was no problem discovered. Several tests were done on Mai Noku but were not conclusive. They even tried ovulation induction medication but still nothing came out of it. Mai Noku\uc0{\u8217}s friend Prisca even advised her to visit a spiritual healer who gave her several roots to chew. All that was in vain. Lastly the couple decided to go through with in vitro fertilisation. At this point, Mai Noku\uc0{\u8217}s prayer was answered. She managed to conceive. The news from the doctor came with so much delight that they didn\uc0{\u8217}t hesitate to tell all their relatives. Mai Noku even went on to give a testimony at church. On that day, she named her unborn child Nokutenda to mean we thank the Lord which is why she became popularly known as Mai Noku.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her husband\uc0{\u8217}s love grew for her. She was finally giving him the son that her wanted. Like before, she was showered with love and gifts each and every day that followed. They had already started buying baby preparation and planning a baby shower when one day a dark cloud dawned on Mai Noku. As she was busy preparing a meal for her darling, she felt a sharp stabbing pain followed by a sticky feeling between her legs. Trembling and in pain, she put her hand underneath her dress. The moment she retrieved it, it was red. Mai Noku was having a miscarriage! She started crying but her husband was not present to offer her any help. The moment he arrived and saw her skirt stained with blood,he helped her up and took her to the hospital where the doctor confirmed the miscarriage. From that day Baba Noku blamed her for what had happened. He started scolding her, going out with other women and occasionally beating her if she asked a lot of questions of where he would be.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You killed my son,\uc0{\u8221} were the words he said to his grave. This had brought so much pain to Mai Noku. When he was supposed to be her pillar of strength, he instead blew out of all candles out of her life. When she had started to regain her light, his family was about to let her relive her sorrows. He was not going to allow that!}}\par
\sect
}