{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy02\hr12\min46\sec39}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy02\hr12\min46\sec39}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the shadows}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Mai Noku!,\uc0{\u8221} a lady calls her to stop as she was walking down to the car park after attending the Sunday service at the Presbyterian church in Borrowdale. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m sorry I could not attend your husband\uc0{\u8217}s funeral, I just came back from Cameroon where I was attending a business meeting. I want to express my sincere condolences.\uc0{\u8221} My Noku starts sobbing, letting down one or two drops of crocodile tears, gets comforted by a long hug and continues her journey to her car.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She gets into her car and starts playing Handipere power, a song which evokes emotions totally different from the act she had just displayed to her church mate. As she drove off, one scenario that pained her the most flooded her mind instantly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mai Noku came from a family of three other siblings. One was a teacher who worked in the Chimanimani rural area, where he could barely manage to feed his family, let alone build himself a proper place to stay. Her younger sister had called pregnant to a married man when she was in high school who denied responsibility and left her dating various men just to make ends meet. Brian, her youngest brother was still in high school. She had been the only one lucky enough to be married to a well up man who could afford her the luxuries that they were known to have at church.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It so happens that Brian developed a heart condition which needed him to get immediate surgery to save his life. Desperately, Mai Noku\uc0{\u8217}s family approached her so she could speak to her husband for financial support to pay for Brian\uc0{\u8217}s surgical fees. Baba Noku refused saying that his business was not doing well hence he had no money to spare for Brian\uc0{\u8217}s surgery. That was a very difficult pill to swallow for Mai Noku when she literally knew that he was able to even pay three times for Brian\uc0{\u8217}s surgery to take place. She knew that this was emanating from the marital fights that they had been having for the past two years. She had managed to maintain a lovely picture at church pretending that everything in their marriage was going on well yet they were furthering day and night. Mai Noku had previously been beaten by her husband for confronting him because of the text messages to his female workmate that she had seen whilst he was bathing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Days after, her husband\uc0{\u8217}s younger sister, a spoiled disobedient child who had refused to finish school came asking for money to start a nails fitting business. Without thinking much, Baba Noku took one thousand dollars , an amount that could have easily paid for Brian\uc0{\u8217}s surgery, and gave it to his sister for her business. Happening before her wife\uc0{\u8217}s eyes. She was so pained but felt helpless. Brian eventually died the following two weeks which brought a dark cloud over her. She could not eat or drink and did not even talk to her husband for the longest time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day as she sat lost in her mind, she received a call that her husband had been involved in a fatal accident with one of his \uc0{\u8220}girlfriends\uc0{\u8221} that she knew well. Had it been good riddance. She had loved her husband but for the longest time had been put through difficult times which had killed her affection towards him. In the public she has always struggled to showcase a fake show of happiness yet in the shadows tears had never stopped flowing down her cheeks.}}\par
\sect
}