{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy20\hr10\min34\sec05}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy20\hr10\min34\sec05}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The fortunes of Wangrin}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i A brief history of the text}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i It is written by Amadou Hampate Ba; a Malian author who has extensively written on African oral literature . This text is extracted in one of his novel \uc0{\u8216}\uc0{\u8217}The Fortunes of Wangrin\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} originally written in french. My draft is summarizing the first chapter of the book.\uc0{\u160} It is a true story and has earned him (the author) an award. I am happy to share with the audience this piece. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The fortunes of wangrin chapter one called Introduction to the life of Wangrin}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Wangrin was born in a mysterious country , a windy and rainy country with its gods and mountains.\uc0{\u160} The great Soudan as it was called at the time and now known as Mali; a country in western Africa. Before Wangrin was born while his mother was in labor at home; his father was sitting outside. During labour the midwives would sing a song of the maternity god Nyakuruba. Thy would\uc0{\u160} go like:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Woiy woiy Nyakuruba: a tinti wolo manndi , Nyakuruba den cee den wolo manndi Nyakuruba a tinti\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Translated: WAAY WAAY O! Nyakuruba push hard , push hard. The birth of a girl is hard work! The birth of babies is hard work! Push hard , my work of birthing, push hard!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Such songs encouraged the mother who was feeling a lot of pain from the labor. It is through this circumstances of wait, singing and encouraging the mother that Wangrin was born.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The following step was to cut the umbilical cord between the mother and the baby. The father of Wangrin who was outside got called out to perform that action. The umbilical cord that normally joins the baby with its sisters and brothers, as people of that time would say.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A mother in labour was always considered as a soldier. The good news is when she gives birth successfully they say that she has won the battle. The bad news is when she doesn\uc0{\u8217}t survive the labor process, they say she has died on the front line. The birth of a boy or a girl is good news and is also considered differently.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One of the midwives went outside to check on the father of wangrin and to announce the very good news that a baby boy has been born and also to ask for his assistance in cutting the umbilical cord since her knive has not managed to separate the baby from its brothers and sisters. It took time for Wangrin to be separated from her brothers and sisters, what did that mean?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is the father that was able to separate the baby and the mother with a knife.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After that, the representative of Komo god; the god of ( forgeron) came around in the compound of the new parents and this was a way of welcoming the baby in the community. Komo got announced and predicted that this baby will die in exile very far from his native land.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Wangrin grew up as a normal Bambara kid helping around at home by cultivating and bringing water for his mother. Like most kids of his time there wasn\uc0{\u8217}t much affection between him and his father. Wangrin followed all rituals of his clan. First he was was included in the group of the young uncircumcised boys\uc0{\u160} that was called Thieblenin and Thomo and reaching his adolescence years he belonged to the group of Ntomo ntori.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The following year he started to attend the school for ( otages)}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His country went through a lot of fights and wars, initials against the Yorsam who wanted to attach his country to an empire. On the other hand the country fought French people in order to maintain their sovereignty. During that confusion a school was created to teach young boys of notable chiefs in the area. It is this school that Wangrin attended at the age of 17 years old. Wangrin started learning the French language, reading and writing but he also came to visit his family every two years. It is during one of his visits that his father decided that time has come for him to become a man. And he organized a circumcision ceremony and his initiation to the god Komo. Only after that ceremnony Wangrin would be able to talk with his father without limit and freely. Wangrin was growing well as a young man into adulthood. He was happy of his progress as being recognized as a young man in the community and also as a student at school of chiefs\uc0{\u8217} children. In the coming years Wangrin was able to finish his school and got his certificate of primary school of indigenous people. He was\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160} immediately posted to be a supervisor ( moniteur). He later got promoted to become a school inspector in 1893 at Diagaramba school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is in this town of Diagaramab that Wangrin would explore more and exprienc elife as an adult. He then took a nick name of Gongoloma-Sooke; a the famous God that was known to be undefeated. Gongoloma became like his patron saint. It is during the circumcision ceremony that his future was predicted. It was said that he will know a life of success but at some point he will also become vulnerable of life circumstances.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}