{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy27\hr16\min41\sec29}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy27\hr16\min41\sec29}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was around 2 am when it crossed my mind to take a stroll out of the house; except for the barking of a dog and the sweep of a cleaner\uc0{\u8217}s broom, no other sound could be heard in the neighborhood. my day had gone to waste, my soul did not have the strength to move forward from this impasse. The sense of futility was bothering me.I put on my coat and headed towards the main street to smoke a cigarette and enjoy the silence of the night. The fatigue from futility was heavier than the fatigue from work.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 passing by the main street, I caught sight of the fire station and the light indicating a guard was there, and it caught my attention. an old man was dozing off, and the steam from his tea spread in the air. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know why but I envied him and his simplicity, perhaps because he works so hard that at this time of night, at his age, he is still at work.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I continued my walk, only hearing the sound of a water stream and a car passing by. I was thinking about that guard when a bus caught my attention.the driver\uc0{\u8217}s legs were sticking out of the bus in the front and he was deep asleep and snoring. One of those old retired city buses\uc0{\u8230}a faint light shone through the back of the bus as if a flashlight was on. I involuntarily went towards the light\uc0{\u8230}I was curious why the back of the bus was lit while the driver was asleep!!the heads of two people, whose shadows were falling on the glass, became gradually visible.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was a bit scared because those two people were just looking down and no sound could be heard.!.I told myself, \uc0{\u8221}See what hallucinations you get when you go out in the middle of the night?\uc0{\u8221} I came to my senses when the driver moved. The curiosity wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t let me go,I had to find out what was going on,with fear and anxiety, I approached the door to be able to enter. I walked over the driver and headed towards the end of the bus.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The light was getting brighter and I could see those two people better an old woman and a young boy reading a book. the woman had glasses on her face and a thick book in her hand, and the boy, next to her, without any movement or attention to me, was reading his book.at this time of night or rather this time of the morning, they must be crazy, sitting there reading books with such dim light. Do they not have homes and lives? In front of the woman, on other rows of seats, laid about 20 books, ranging from novels to documentaries, history, and science\uc0{\u8230} I very politely asked, \uc0{\u8221}Excuse me, why are you reading here?\uc0{\u8221} The woman looked at me and said, \uc0{\u8221}If you want, pick a book and read,\uc0{\u8221} and then she resumed her reading\uc0{\u8230} I stood there dumbfounded. are they out of their minds? I asked again, \uc0{\u8221}but why here, in this weather?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The grumbling of the driver broke the silence. \uc0{\u8221}Dear boy, can\uc0{\u8217}t you see I\uc0{\u8217}m sleeping? Sit down and read your book..\uc0{\u8221} And he went back to sleep. maybe I\uc0{\u8217}m dreaming, maybe they\uc0{\u8217}re supernatural beings. I was about to leave when the woman said, \uc0{\u8221}there are still a few hours until sunrise, sit and read a book with us. These are for me; I come here so as not to be alone at home. for someone who has been a night-shift librarian for a lifetime, this situation is not surprising.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had no words left, out of respect for her words I chose a book and started reading\uc0{\u8230} startled by the sound of the bus starting, it seemed I had fallen into a deep sleep, having read about 40 pages of the book. the woman and boy were gathering the books.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I said, \uc0{\u8221}Will you come again tonight?\uc0{\u8221} The woman glanced at me with a sideways look and said, \uc0{\u8221}How can I say no to my books?\uc0{\u8221} I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t understand what she meant, so I gave up on her answer and continued to ask\uc0{\u8230} \uc0{\u8221}Are you always this number every night?\uc0{\u8221} She said, \uc0{\u8221}No, sometimes there are more of us and sometimes just one. Like you, a passerby who has heard the call of book from a distance, we\uc0{\u8217}re not few, dear boy.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I left them and went home\uc0{\u8230} I felt really good\uc0{\u8230} During those few hours, except for a few words, no conversation had taken place between us, but our mutual presence was enough for each other. I arrived at my doorstep, and after a long time}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I craved a hot \uc0{\u8217}taftoon\uc0{\u8217} bread for breakfast, but there was no one waiting for me to share my morning with. we must appreciate even short-lived companionships. that morning was an interesting experience for me, that woman with her books had a different story. she had escaped loneliness to feel someone beside her, even if that feeling was silence. we humans, even if we are bad to each other, it\uc0{\u8217}s still good to be together\uc0{\u8230} lost in these thoughts, I forgot about the bread and went to sleep early\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}