{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy03\hr05\min28\sec04}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy03\hr05\min28\sec04}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You and me and autumn}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was the first Friday of autumn\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He knew well that I love this season!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Three days have passed since our childish fight!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We had not spoken a word for three days.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For three days, I used to call his closest friend every hour to ask how he is\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Three days of silence was unprecedented for someone who called me every two minutes with funny excuses and asked me a question in order to hear my voice.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I also purposely did not make any calls in these three days to make him miss me and to hug me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I didn\uc0{\u8217}t go to see him with the intention that at least he hug me\uc0{\u8230}!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was the first Friday of autumn\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was tired of this distance and I was smelling his hair from the photo in my arms which my phone rang\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He was his closest friend}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His voice was shaking}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hey, he swore me to be calm, and after arguing, he said:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Half an hour ago, I saw him holding a stranger\uc0{\u8217}s hand and were going to some cafe\uc0{\u8230}.!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He was saying that the phone fell out of my hand.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I did not understand what I heard}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I slapped myself hard two or three times to wake up, but I saw this nightmare while awake, not a dream!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The reason for his indifference for three days was clear to me\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I went to the cafe with numb hands and feet.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I just wanted to see who is this stranger?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wanted to see if this stranger knows him as I do?!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Does this stranger suddenly pauses in the middle of his words to say, O God, your eyes are taking my breaths?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This stranger\uc0{\u8230}!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was madly going to the cafe.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was Running like a crazy girl that couldn\uc0{\u8217}t catch her breath!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had a few steps left to reach, but my heart, hands and feet were not helping me\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I entered the cafe with my eyes half-opened, and suddenly everyone screamed and I was faced with a big cake with the words \uc0{\u8221}Happy first Friday of our autumn\uc0{\u8221} written on it\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And then the same hug that I was waiting impatiently happened.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He knew that I love autumn and wanted to celebrate the first autumn Friday of our togetherness!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 .}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 .}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now it\uc0{\u8217}s the first Friday of autumn\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A few months, a few days, and a few hours have passed since your last words, which ended to my lonelyness,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This time, your anger is too long, my dear!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This time, in the corner of the room, I am counting the seconds waiting for your surprise, holding your picture in my arms!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I don\uc0{\u8217}t know where and with which stranger you are celebrating the autumn, But I want to go to the cafe}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With the same worries;}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With the same worries.}}\par
\sect
}