{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy27\hr17\min16\sec02}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy27\hr17\min16\sec02}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I pray she won\uc0{\u8217}t be prey when I grey when old age embraces me}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I pray she won\uc0{\u8217}t carry a freight when death takes me out of the way.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I pray that nature binds us even though nurture had nourished us with divisive norms}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I pray for calmness even though rancour ran deep our day but love and empathy must rain on us}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I pray that we sit together in strength not seemingly stirring in threats}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I pray that the tongues that bleed bitter words chat in restfulness}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I pray that the children born out of war grow peace and that their children foster it to the next posterity. I pray for her, I pray for my beautiful daughter for she is the rose of the world I have not yet live}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Look at the beauty of my Rose, she rises high in my heart, she sent my senses with an adorning aroma. Her eyes slanted, twinkling in earnest as if the world finds light in her as if darkness dawn if she blinks as if life is all hers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Look at her nose sit in perfect harmony on two loop polls that pull oxygen for her to live, for us to live, for the world is hers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When she walks away, the wall of my heart breaks into pieces because she dares to divide my love from all who live because she dissolves in the air, my perfect aroma.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I love her to sit and I hold her dear for myself, her hands are soft in the smoothness of her skin akin to the most beautiful rose.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her neck is knitted in, and her heartbeat is the drum that cut the day and night with the tune that turns us for a dance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her waist sway when she lifts herself for a walk for the world spins around her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her lips are tinny brown, succulent, and curvy and her hair is curly brown}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I pray for my daughter, I pray for all of us, I pray for the World.}}\par
\sect
}