{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr12\min53\sec19}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr12\min53\sec19}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Irresponsible Decision by Pascal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My name is Mary, and I have always been a free spirit. I never enjoyed the idea of conforming to societal norms, including the education system. I firmly believed that my children, Jenny and Sara, could learn more from life experiences than from textbooks and classrooms.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When Jenny and Sara reached school age, I made a conscious decision not to enroll them in formal education. I felt that it would only limit their potential and suppress their creativity. Instead, I encouraged them to explore the world around them, fostering their curiosity and letting them learn at their own pace.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We spent our days together, traveling to different places, visiting museums, and engaging in hands-on activities. I believed that exposing them to real-world experiences would provide them with a more well-rounded education.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However, as time went on, I started to notice the consequences of my decision. Jenny and Sara struggled to acquire basic reading, writing, and math skills. They lacked the foundation that formal education provides, and it became increasingly clear that I had failed them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 People around me voiced their concerns, urging me to reconsider my approach. They explained how vital education is in shaping a child\uc0{\u8217}s future and providing them with opportunities. Deep down, I knew they were right, but my stubbornness and fear of admitting my mistake kept me from taking action.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Eventually, it became undeniable that Jenny and Sara were falling behind their peers academically. They were isolated from their classmates, lacking the social interactions that are crucial for their development. My irresponsible decision was negatively impacting their lives, and I had to face the consequences.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a moment of self-reflection, I realized that I had been prioritizing my own ideals over the well-being of my children. It was a harsh wake-up call. With a heavy heart, I decided to swallow my pride and enroll Jenny and Sara in a proper school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It wasn\uc0{\u8217}t an easy transition for them. They struggled to catch up with their classmates, and they faced challenges that could have been avoided if I had made the right decision from the beginning. But I vowed to support them every step of the way, making sure they had the resources they needed to succeed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Today, I look back at my irresponsible actions with regret. I have learned the hard way that education is an invaluable gift we can give to our children. I may have hindered their progress, but I am determined to make it right. I will be there for Jenny and Sara, advocating for their education and helping them rebuild what I had neglected.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}