{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy17\hr07\min58\sec55}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy17\hr07\min58\sec55}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The richest and the most organt\uc0{\u160} girl in whole campus of high school got a husband of\uc0{\u160} lifetime.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Prisca and her ex-husband (John) have dated for nine years. They started dating after high school they were best friends in \uc0{\u160}the High school. Prisca waited for him until he finished college and got a job then they got married. She got pregnancy and his first son is seven years.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her husband was a good man, at a time he was a little impatient they had our ups and down but not that much, until doesn\uc0{\u8217}t command more than her, she could be over independent, and \uc0{\u160}John had to respect and beg her always to do what she wants to.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Whenever they had an argument she would cry up and go to her family and tell all of things. Her sisters and family called her husband to ask him what is happening always. They shouted him a lot if he had asked to behave or do sometimes she would blackmail him, she would say if you want a divorce tell me now so I can go to my family. But she didn\uc0{\u8217}t really want a divorce. She just wanted over freedom. The pride of her sending too, saying no, and not looking like a dependent.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She once provoked him so much to the extent he slapped her for the first time in life and locked her out of the house. She went to her family crying, and told the family how he locked her outside, she looked like she was being abused but actually she was abusing her husband psychologically, her mouth was a hell for him. He got arrested him and John\uc0{\u8217}s family asked her to drop the case. She knew she was wrong. Her husband was not violent she did it all because she forced things. John kneed on his knees and asked for forgiveness, she forgave him and released him from prison. Her family was upset when forgave her husband to them was an evil. But a man was Innocent man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After two months there was a misunderstanding again. John packed his bags and he left alone, after some days she heard that he was admitted in hospital. Her family ordered her to not go there that will be as humiliating herself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All these time everyone felt for her like she was the victim. He spent a 3 weeks in the hospital after he got out he gave \uc0{\u160}Prisca a divorce she\uc0{\u160} used to say .she said, I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t serious baby to divorce you, \uc0{\u160}she tried go there and apologies for everything\uc0{\u160} but because of her pride and she thought he would change his mind and beg her to come back in some month she called asking to talk but he ended up saying I\uc0{\u8217}ll divorce you because I have been living in the hell. All you wanted is a divorce.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When she saw that he was so serious, she went to cry to his family but they asked her to leave their life. They went to court and divorced. And she said I will make you feel my absence. She demanded him the half his wealthy and surprisingly he admitted to give everything she wanted but they divorce. He immediately signed that his wealthy can be all belong to Prisca. They divorced after some months her ex-husband married another young pretty woman; they made a lot of investments and they became 10 times better than they had ( Prisca&John).Till her family started talking behind her back that she been depending on her ex-husband to give to his wealth. Her biggest fear was her son who wasn\uc0{\u8217}t willing to stay with her anymore because whenever he went to his daddy, his step mother used to give him everything. And short her left her to live with his Daddy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In short, she messed up her marriage. She deeply felt depression. She hereby to warn all wives to be careful with their desire of being totally free after marriage, listening to friends and family as a death, lie or proving up always to be right.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}