{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy16\hr03\min26\sec40}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy16\hr03\min26\sec40}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was Shahrivar 1401 when Zhina Amini was killed by the Irshad Patrol of Tehran. Her parents buried her body in Aichi Cemetery. When Zhina\uc0{\u8217}s funeral was being held, women took off their scarves, twirled them in the air, and chanted \uc0{\u8220}woman, life, freedom\uc0{\u8221}. After the burial, the girls who went to Zhina\uc0{\u8217}s grave cut their braided hair, threw it on Zhina\uc0{\u8217}s grave, set it on fire, and again chanted \uc0{\u8220}Woman, life, freedom\uc0{\u8221}. Little by little, this act of protest spread throughout Iran. Iranian women took videos of themselves in which they were shaving their hair, and the custom of \uc0{\u8220}Gisboran\uc0{\u8221}, one of the ancient customs of the Zagros people, spread among all Iranian people, from north to south and east. I went out of the house without a scarf the day after Zhina was buried. Wherever I wanted to go I went without hijab. Other girls had taken off their headscarves and when our eyes caught each other\uc0{\u8217}s eyes, we gave each other a smile out of sympathy. Our eyes sparkled for all this communion. The boys brought their fisted hands forward and gave chocolates to those of us who were not wearing the hijab, and when we took it, we whispered in each other\uc0{\u8217}s ears: \uc0{\u8220}Woman, life, freedom.\uc0{\u8221}In the first days, the Irshad patrol interfered more or less. Later, they showed some indifference toward the women who were not wearing hijab. But every once in a while, they resumed the same brutality that caused the death of Zhina Amini and its videos became viral. Every once in a while, they accepted defeat against the Iranian women and promised to defy those who were not wearing hijab. Little by little, there was talk of passing a bill to deal with not wearing a hijab. From deprivation of social services to confiscation the cars and heavy fines. But the courage of Iranian women was stronger than their tact. The women were arrested, but they returned to the streets that belonged to them. Women were tortured, but they returned without hijab to the streets that belonged to them. Almost two years have passed since the murder of Zhina, but nothing is the same as the past two years.Irshad is back with uniformed forces cameras in their hands and veils on their heads. Unprecedented brutality has taken place. The number of detainees is large and they are unknown. At least three people have gone to the hospital due to the brutality of the Irshad patrol forces. If before we used to look at each other with a smile and anxiety, appreciating the bravery of the other with the twinkling of our eyes, now we signal to each other with anxious eyes that: \uc0{\u8220}Ahead, a few meters away, a few streets higher, he is standing.\uc0{\u8221} watch out. Go the other way.\uc0{\u8221}The sweetness of the chocolates that were given to us by our boys at the same age as us and whispering in our ears woman of the life of freedom gave way to the bitterness and worry that surged in our eyes, and the chocolates became the corner of their shops where they shelter us. So that the patrol will pass and not see us without headscarves. We will not turn back from the path that Nika, Hadith, and Yalda started.WomanLifefreedom}}\par
\sect
}