{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy04\hr12\min52\sec39}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy04\hr12\min52\sec39}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My brother Sandare is a 25-year-old young man and he graduate from University of Malawi. He is now working in the capital city as a teller at NBS bank. He was born with a very small private part but our parents said that it had something to do with witchcraft. This has been bothering my family so much and when I think about it, I feel so hurt for him since this has been a very big problem. I always ask myself, what if the time of getting married reaches and he is still like that?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I decided to approach him and forced him to go to a herbalist all the way to Phalombe. I decided to go with him. Indeed, we met a confident and boastful herbalist there in Phalombe. He cited an example of a famous Malawian musician whom he claimed to have helped, and now that musician has a normal private part.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This herbalist made cuts on my brother\uc0{\u8217}s private part using a new razor blade and spread some powder on it. Then he tied it using strings around it. He said since his private part would be growing in one week, the strings would break apart themselves, and he should not untie them. I was so afraid hearing this but I had to stay strong to avoid him getting scared since he was hesitating going there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After one week, when the strings didn\uc0{\u8217}t break off, my brother approached and we called the herbalist. He said that my brother should not take them off and give it a week. We waited and nothing was happening. We then decided to go back to see him without even informing him at all. When we arrived there, we found the herbalist nowhere.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We were very shocked and afraid at the same time. I started wondering how my brother will recover from the mess that I have put him in. I then brought an idea of going to the hospital but it was hard for me to tell him but I had no choice. We went back home and the next morning, we went to bwaila hospital. I suggested that hospital because I have a friend who works there. So, the treatment was going to be the best.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When we arrived at the hospital, we found that my friend is not around. I was so confused and my brother was very afraid and it reached to a point that he was crying. We had no choice but to go back home. When we reached home, a miracle happened. The strings finally came apart. Our heart came back to the normal beating because we were all under pressure. The first question I asked my brother was, are you healed? Though the herbalist made us to doubt him, my brother got healed. I told my brother to keep it a secret that we went to see the herbalist but inform my family that he is now okay. My heart is full of happiness that my brother recovered from his abnormality.}}\par
\sect
}