{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy24\hr17\min36\sec07}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy24\hr17\min36\sec07}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yes, let\uc0{\u8217}s explain the concept of bad with examples.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The person who has the professional equipment but cannot take the position he deserves in his job and the other person in that position must neglect his job, gain time by pretending to know the job and thus gain himself a year, and finally the employer has to make a decision about the worker who does not benefit him during this period. This decision was to terminate that person\uc0{\u8217}s employment. While this }{\cf0\f0\i was a bad}{\cf0\f0  decision for the employee, it was a good decision for the replacement because it allowed the truly expert to find a job.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For another example: let\uc0{\u8217}s take firms A and B as the base. The manager of company A, which is one of the two businesses operating in the surrounding region and in the same sector, provides the opportunity to company B because it offers antipathetic and high-paid services to its customers. Company A has 10 employees in company. The fact that firm A }{\cf0\f0\i was bad}{\cf0\f0  gave an advantage to firm B. In addition, profit was created for 10 employees in company B.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Another example: the story of Robert, who is mentioned in the novel Rich Dad Poor Dad. Robert has a biological father and a spiritual father. His spiritual father is actually his friend\uc0{\u8217}s father, his wealthy father who gave him practical rather than theoretical training on how to use his money. The rich father lost his father when he was only 13 and dropped out of school because he had to manage the family business. Although this situation was perceived }{\cf0\f0\i as bad}{\cf0\f0 , it was actually a great advantage for him to improve himself because his main teachers who would guide him in economics; They were lawyers, accountants, bankers and real estate agents. In every problem he faced, Robert made a way for himself with the directives of these true teachers and became a millionaire.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Another example: The story of a boy whose biggest dream is to become a karate player but can\uc0{\u8217}t get approval from his family. One day this boy has an accident and loses his left arm. The family, who wants the child\uc0{\u8217}s morale to improve, hires a karate teacher as a reward. In his first lesson, the teacher showed the boy how to grab and throw the person in front of him with his right arm. When he always does the same movement in other lessons, the child gets tired and says to his teacher; My teacher said, \uc0{\u8217}I\uc0{\u8217}m tired of doing the same things all the time, let\uc0{\u8217}s do one more operation. His teacher said: You will continue until you are the person who can do it the fastest. The boy continued to train and became the fastest karate player. One day, his teacher told him that he could participate in the karate championship, but the boy gave the following answer to his teacher due to his lack of self-confidence: \uc0{\u8220}Teacher, I only know one move! How can I win with this?\uc0{\u8221} His teacher replied, \uc0{\u8221}Just do this move.\uc0{\u8221} The boy entered the ring, defeated his opponent and advanced to the final. He had an opponent twice as big as him in the final. Although he was afraid inside, he learned very well and defeated his opponent with that move. The boy, who went to his teacher with joy, asked curiously: Teacher, how can I know only one move and I am the champion. Teacher: Your move is one of the most difficult moves in karate and it has only one defense, which is to grab your opponent\uc0{\u8217}s left arm. That is, since the student did not have a left arm, his opponent could not hold hir arm and was defeated. As a result, the bad turned to the advantage again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In summary, bad is not always bad, the important thing is to turn the bad into an advantage!!}}\par
\sect
}