{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr17\min14\sec00}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr17\min14\sec00}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Me and Issa were best friends from childhood, our homes were next to each other and we both attended the same schools and classes, we were soulmates if i dare say, not day went by without my Issa by my side.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The moment had finally come and we were going to university in the city, i remember us being so excited and planning our three years at the university, we were going to live together ,have a pink themed hostel room because we both loved pink so much.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Unlike me Issa had rich extended family living in the city, so we planned to be living with them over the weekends since we never had lessons over the weekends, our lives were planned out and we could not wait. finally the day had come, our parents took us to the bus station and bid us farewell, indeed we were sad to leave home but were excited for the new adventure, i remember us sitting in the bus and getting so excited to watch the trees go behind us, we also had the chance to see the wild life, it was our first time seeing an elephant, it was gigantic,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Imagine that thing stomping on you, we would be as flat as a chapati,\uc0{\u8221} Issa said wit wide eyes looking out of the bus window,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Your imaginations are wild and scary Issa,\uc0{\u8221} i chuckled but with fright beneath my breath.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Issa was a free spirit, she thought and dreamt for a beautiful future , she always spoke what was on her mind, things that other people would not normally blurt out. i loved her for that, she always said \uc0{\u8221}if you do not tell people how you feel then how will they know how to treat you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After hours of traveling we finally got to the city, KAMPALA, there were so many cars and taxis everywhere, nothing like our small town, it was scary, but luckily enough the driver from our town helped us get into a taxi that took us directly to the university gate.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everyone at the university looked so smart and seemed like they knew what they were doing, Issa held my hands so tight and i held hers as tight as well.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}You are welcome to Kyambogo university, what are your names please, rooms have been allocated for teams\uc0{\u8221} said a girl.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Ooh don\uc0{\u8217}t worry about that me and my bestfriend will be sharing a room,\uc0{\u8221} i responded.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}That\uc0{\u8217}s not how it works, can i have your names\uc0{\u8221} she repeated looking so irritated at us, we told her our names and we were assigned different room but next door to each other,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry Issa, I\uc0{\u8217}m just right next door, maybe we could ask our roommates to change rooms with us\uc0{\u8221} i said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She smiled and hugged me, \uc0{\u8221}it does not matter if we share a room or not we are telepathic besties remember, hahah\uc0{\u8221} she laughed and squeezed me tight.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We got into our rooms and the semester started off well, we always hangout together and attended the same classes just like in primary and secondary, things had not changed a lot. over the weekends Issa went home in the city to her aunts home, they were so rich that Issa\uc0{\u8217}s mum had asked Issa to visit always and do some chores for them so maybe they would give her some upkeep. our parents were farmers so we never had enough financial support from them. but things were not as Issa\uc0{\u8217}s mum had anticipated, i realized Issa was drifting away each time she went home on the weekends, he started talking less, she never hangout with me as much anymore, she seemed so sad most of the days, i got so concerned and tried my best to be around her, if she did not want to go to class then i did not either so i could keep her company.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Issa you know you can always talk to me right, we always talked about everything and shared everything, i feel like i am losing my bestfriend and it breaks my heart that however much i want to help you try to push me away,\uc0{\u8221} i cried to her. that\uc0{\u8217}s when Issa burst into tears and told me of how her aunt mistreated her and her kids always insulted her when she went to visit, they never helped her with any upkeep not even transport back to campus and she always had to walk back. my heart sunk, why would someone do that, the world was a cruel place we knew but we never thought family would treat each other like that.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I am here always, you do not have to go home, we shall always share what i have, that has never been a problem and you know, whatever little i have is yours too,\uc0{\u8221} i told Issa as i wiped off her tears while mine kept on flowing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}But i do not want to be a burden to you, ever,\uc0{\u8221} she cried even more.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Ooh shut up, now you are imagining things, why would the love of my life be a burden to me now,\uc0{\u8221} we laughed nd hugged so tight,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For the next weeks things seemed to be okay and we were happy, Issa attended classes, she was not s vibrant as when we first came to university but she was trying and i was right by her side,\uc0{\u160} one Friday we had a party and Issa did not want to come with, after hours of trying to convince her and failing, i planned to take her out the next day so we would have our Saturday of fun just us two, she was happy about it an so was i. i hugged and kissed her goodnight and went for the party.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a fun night with a lot of alcohol and loud music, at around mid night i got call from Issa but i was too drunk to talk, i had assumed that she was excited about our date for the day, i ended up sleeping at a friends hostel since i was too drunk to get to mine.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next morning as early as 6am, i started getting many calls but i ignored them because i never really pick up unknown numbers, this went on for about an hour until a number i recognized called, it was our class rep, what could he be calling for on a weekend, we never had classes to attend, i picked up the call,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Hello Eva, i hate to be the bearer of bad news but Issa is dead,\uc0{\u8221} he said as calm as he could,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I froze, my heart shuttered into a million pieces, this can not be, maybe he is confused or just pranking me, no no no\uc0{\u8230}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Hello Eva are you there, i said Issa is dead , could you please come to the university right now,\uc0{\u8221} he said again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I went numb and fell to the ground and started screaming, my other friend ran to me and tried to talk to me but i just could not let her, i sprung up and started running to the university like mad woman, when i reached there i was directed to where my Issa was,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Oh God let it not be my Issa , i promise i will always be good, ill do the right by you, \uc0{\u8221}I prayed before i got to see the lifeless body of my soulmate,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was her, so still and cold, lifeless, i had lost my other half,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I got so numb and all i did was hold her hand and stare blankly, it was my fault, if only i had picked up that call she would have still been here, why did i ever go out without her, we always did everything together, i should have stayed back and had a slumber party with my Issa instead,\uc0{\u160} i should have tried harder to help and be a better friend, this was all my fault.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To this day i pray that she forgives me for missing the signs, for not being better for her, i hope that she does, life will never be the same again. how long does grief take, i ask.}}\par
\sect
}