{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy25\hr08\min06\sec55}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy25\hr08\min06\sec55}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Help me!\uc0{\u8230}Help me \uc0{\u8230} Help \uc0{\u8230}me ..please\uc0{\u8230}His voice becomes downer. It was thirtieth ones person that without any attention went, he was hungry and felt cold, but he should continue because of his mom and sister at home\uc0{\u8230}Suddenly a man passed through his side, he seems tof with a beautiful and big bag in his hands. Rahman thought with himself, this bag may have enough money for me and my family at least for some weeks, should I take it? \uc0{\u8221}no Rahman, you are not a thief ! scare from god ! shame from your father! \uc0{\u8221} Rahman had too much voices in his head.Rahman was a 12 years old boy with a tired handsome face, his father Masoud was a soldier, he had proud for his father. their life was good and they had a common life, not rich but a normal lifestyle in Kabul city. He and his sister went to school and his mom was a cooker that works when others need in a party or wedding. His father was not at home most of the time and his mom was always worried when he was not at home, she had watched all news and had prayed always. Rahman and his sister did not understand anything from these all. his sister Roya was two years elder than him but in school they both were two years higher than their contemporaries, because they always wanted to learn more. Rahman had not too much things in his life and even sometimes, his family could not handle something he really want, like a new bicycle, but he could be happy with his family, with his rag bicycle and other common things those made his life. his life was not like a normal teenager but still he had his family and a warm food next to them, things that could not cause willing but can be enough.one day his father came home with an uneasy face, he tried to be happy always, though his job was too danger and unpredictable, but this time he didn\uc0{\u8217}t seem good.At night he heard that his father says to his mother that Taliban became more powerful than past, that are going to conquer all over of Afghanistan, we may be in danger, pray for us\uc0{\u8230}Rahman did not get anything except that his strong father seemed worried.That was the last time that he saw his father, three weeks later they heard from another soldier, who came to their home, that his father was to be killed in war.After that speech and that day their life changed completely, his mother becomes the only person who supports the family, but she did not have a job and she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t find any job because of new rules in Afghanistan that women can not work, and his sister couldn\uc0{\u8217}t study anymore due to another new rules that said that girls do not have right to study, and the Rahman was the one who had right to work but was just a child so could not study because he was someone should support the family, but who will give a job to a twelve years old boy, and unfortunately they take not anything from government for his father\uc0{\u8217}s job because he had worked for last government.Rahman was a child, though he was smart and learned fast but it was not enough, most of people were in a bad economical situation so there were not new jobs.So Rahman started to beg, it was not a decision but obligation. his mother thought that he works in a tailoring, it was the thing Rahman said to her to make calm about his working, though handling this all was too much for a twelve years old boy. he tried for tailoring but Kaka Hasan, the tailor of their area was trying to go abroad with his family so he didn\uc0{\u8217}t want a new worker. He tried even for garbage collection but they worked with their children so didn\uc0{\u8217}t need a new on.One day that his sister was sick and he didn\uc0{\u8217}t have any money to buy medicine, he felt helplessness so he sit in street and cried without voice, like a flower that that without water one day flagged noiselessly. In that time he tried to beg for first time, it was too hard and embarrassing.In that day, that he thought about man\uc0{\u8217}s bag it was a week that he did beging, when he saw the bag of man he thought by himself that life annoys us and these all are injustice, so what will happen if I take this bag? I can buy some food to feed my family and enough money for doctor and some clothes; \uc0{\u8221}embrace Rahman! you are not a thief, your mother will not forgive you if she understand..\uc0{\u8221}He was muezzin in school and sometimes other students asked from him about religious problems and he helped them because he went mosque with his father when he was at home, and it was because he loved books. when he thought about bag he shamed even from himself in past, his father always said: \uc0{\u8221}thank god, my both children are smart and believer, I hope you become doctors one day.\uc0{\u8221}He was fighting with himself in his mind, with everything that he remembered in that moment, but he should fight with his foot pain from fatigue and hunger at same time, this real bitter feelings didn\uc0{\u8217}t allow him to think more\uc0{\u8230}So he ran fast and took bag, he was running and the man was following him, he was scared but it was fast and knew about area enough to scape from man, so he went to a narrow alley and man lost him.His legs were painful and he was sobbing but still he was thinking with himself \uc0{\u8221}was it true? and should I give right to myself ?\uc0{\u8221} and sometimes he thought that \uc0{\u8221} was it wrong? should I give it back?\uc0{\u8221} He was thinking in that place until night and every time he asked from himself, again and again ;\uc0{\u8221} is this really wrong?\uc0{\u8221} He had too much thoughts and voices in his head but still from outside he was just a scared child with a big bag in his tiny hands in a dark alley\uc0{\u8230}}\par
\sect
}