{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy06\hr05\min51\sec21}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy06\hr05\min51\sec21}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Is there ever an easy way? The beginning of a journey of a thousand miles.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Go and tell her that I love the dress she is wearing today.\uc0{\u8221} For a moment Kuziva was surprised.This comment from his friend was going to a girl that he had clearly stated that he had feelings for. Like they say, brothers before girls, man had to pass his best friend\uc0{\u8217}s message to his intended girl. After all, Kudakwashe would be a better suiter for Zoe.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That very same afternoon, the boys follow each other in a school bus. Kuziva was in front and he went on to stand beside where Zoe and her friends were sitting.Obviously, he was more confident to do that as he had built rapport already. His best friend Kuda follows through. \uc0{\u8220}Did you get my message?\uc0{\u8221} he asks, hardly making any eye contact with the living gem that he was talking to. \uc0{\u8220}Oh yes! Thank you so much\uc0{\u8221} was her answer shortly before she turned back to the conversation that she was having with her friends. \uc0{\u8220}Well, that\uc0{\u8217}s a start\uc0{\u8221}, Kuda said to himself. Thoughts of how he was going to carry on when they embark from the bus started racing through his mind. \uc0{\u8220}Should we talk about our likes or it sounds too clech\uc0{\u233}?\uc0{\u8221} he thought. No one could give him the answers to these questions. He had been in a very long term relationship with another girl before then which was almost failing .Maybe he had lost his sweet talker abilities as he had not been exercising them for a long time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He gets the confidence to hold Zoe\uc0{\u8217}s hand and helps her off the bus.\uc0{\u8221} That\uc0{\u8217}s very nice of you to do\uc0{\u8221} she smiles at him and waited giving him the green flag that they should walk together. Kuda\uc0{\u8217}s experiences in the Toastmaster\uc0{\u8217}s club in high school had come in handy at this point. They slowly walk together talking and laughing along the way.The man was a natural joker so making her laugh came easily. \uc0{\u8220}She is human after all,\uc0{\u8221} he thought to himself and loved that about her.He had to act right and say the right things. For this new found liking, there was no room for mistakes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It started raining as they were attending the outdoor seminar that the class had come for. Everything that the tutor said, to this day , Kuda does not remember a single word. The only thing he recalls was seeing a bowl of condoms being passed for them to pick up and see as examples. A lecture on sexual and reproductive health was going on but the two were so engraved in their conversation to pay attention to what was going on. Kuda couldn\uc0{\u8217}t even pick up the samples from the bowl. He had to act as saintly as possible. To him ,picking up one would mean he had to explain the need to keep it to his new found friend which would jeopardize the proceedings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The day gracefully ends and the two friends sit together in the bus.Zoe had already started opening up to him and building fantasies of the things that they would do together in the coming days.\uc0{\u8221}I will call you when I get home,\uc0{\u8221} Kuda says as he got off the bus along the way. In his mind , he started going through many simulations of how this new friendship was going to unfold. Was it the beginning of a journey of a thousand miles? It was too early to tell. He got home, made the call as early as he could and laid supine in bed smiling in the dark.}}\par
\sect
}