{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy29\hr16\min05\sec33}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy29\hr16\min05\sec33}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There are, in this life many things that are difficult to forget, despite the strife of the time to make our mind ditch the those memories which, formerly, made us taste of happiness at the beginning\uc0{\u160} of our journey here below alongside lots of challenges that we always encountered at that stage.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s true that I spent my whole childhood at a place located in the countryside of the provide called La Gonave island in an area where the houses are disseminated here and there like some shining stars that are still scattered in the sky despite the moonlight while daybreak approaching. But that did not stop me finding the opportunity the enjoy my childhood and having some memories which still make me tend to go back that time once again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Following my birth in Picmy, my Father built a small two rooms house in another place called Grand Piqu\uc0{\u233} and moved there with his Family before that house has been abandoned by both of them after falling apart. Because, following their separation, my father went back to his family in Picmy and my Mother joined my grandmother who moved outside Picmy and inhabited not too far from that small house. Then that area became the place where I spent my whole childhood before leaving it to move to the town called Anse-A-Galets in order that I could pursue my secondary studies, after the end of my primary studies.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I grew up, enjoying my time through the joy and happiness that my childhood brought to me and the activities which served as a way to help me develop my personality and my sens of responsibility, mainly through play and at school and through the influence of my environment including the guidance of my parents, automatically determined my day everyday.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As a small child, I tried to imitate and reproduce anything that I noticed that other people mainly my parents did which was within my reach. I remember that one day, while my father took a rest from his work in the small garden that was in the backyard of his small house and fell asleep, I took his machete without his knowledge and, trying to remove a branch from a pine tree, I awkwardly ended up bleeding myself on my knee and until now, the scar that such awkward action left is still on my knee. This was the first harm that I did to myself as a small kid.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Once my mother moved with me, my niece who stayed with her and my younger brother to his mother\uc0{\u8217}s home following her separation with my father, I spent my time at school and playing at home with my cousins and sometimes in my neighborhood with other children.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember that the first time that my mother took me to kindergarten at the Wesleyan school in Palma, the school where I did all my primary classes, the teacher refused to admit me, saying that I was too big and tall compared to other children of the class, even though I was only 2 and a half years old like almost all other children in the class at that time. She wanted to send me to the preparatory level, but my mother did not want to and, after insisting, she validated my admission to the Kindergaten. There I learned to distinguish color, basic geometric shapes, to pronounce vowels and condones, etc.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Every morning, especially when it rained, my mother and those of my cousins \uc0{\u8203}\uc0{\u8203}carried us on their backs to help us cross the narrow pathway which leads to the school building in order to prevent our shoes from being dirty by the mud when it rained or wet by the dew which covers the grass bordering the narrow path where we had to cross in order to go to school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I continued to grow up, studying my lessons and doing my homework every afternoon and/ or early in the evening before going to bed, going to church every Sunday, playing football bare footed with my cousins and flying kite mainly each black Friday and during summer vacation became my main activities before starting wandering in the wood, mainly while chasing after bird\uc0{\u8217}s nest. Because each ash Wednesday or sometimes earlier, My grandmother always bought paper and string for us so as to make and fly kite on black friday. As a child, I had to spent almost the whole day at the youth\uc0{\u8217}s home in my neighborhood,\uc0{\u160} waiting for them to make the kite for me until I was able to start making it myself some years later. Sometimes my parents had to either pay them or buy paper for them to make their own kite just so they can make ours for us too. Anyway this process fostered the development of my sense of observation, curiosity and self learning.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Beyond my introduction to school and church, my interaction with other children mainly by playing football and by flying kite under the Sun\uc0{\u8217}s burning beams, I was the favorite child that my mother always took with her when she went to attend any ceremonies whether it was a funeral, a wedding or a festival at a church. Besides my grandmother always bought toy weapons, car and airplane for us to play every year when christmas is approaching and took us with them at night to attend a show in the church for the whole nightevery december 24. In the evening, many neighbours both young Adults and old people always gathered at my grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s home to tell about their stories and/or tales where great lessons are delivered about morality and justice and also to challenge each other through riddles before going to sleep. Besides my grandmother always bought enough breads and prepare coffee or sometime tea or soup to celebrate new year and, all the relatives and some neighbors (or any unknown people who passed through at that time) came through to eat and drink together and wished each other a happy new year. I also remember when they asked us to go to my Aunt Venite\uc0{\u8217}s home either to fetch or to bring something to her, as she lived not so far from my grandmother home, it was always a challenging time to me and my cousins. Because we all have to stand on the same line and then started running together in order to see who will get my Aunt\uc0{\u8217}s house first, after one of us saying 1, 2, 3. All those events fostered the awakening of curiosity, imagination and the development of my morality, empathy, my sense of observation while continuing my journey in life by exploring myself and the world.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Therefore\uc0{\u160} the years I spent at my grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s home were very important to me, being at the beginning of my childhood. Because it was the time where curiosity, observation, socialization, education, interaction and the desire to explore the environment around me started taking their room in my lifetime, mainly to help me enjoy the wonders of life while trying to face its challenges and discover some of its mysteries.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Finally, my mother left my grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s house and went to rent a house not so far from my grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s house to stay with us. I was about seven or eight years old at that time. Then I kept enjoying my childhood in both a further way and a new neighborhood.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While continuing to go to school and to church, fly kite, play football, I starting going to seek for water, playing marbles and wandering in the wood mainly to chase after birds and their nest.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Contrary to my grandmother who had a donkey that she used to saddle so as to go and fetch water to a public water pump, my mother neither had a donkey nor a horse. So we had to walk miles away from our new location in order to reach the water pump. After my two gallons were full with water, I headed back home, holding each one of them in a hand. We always went there at the dawn or in the afternoon almost every day, when the basin that was behind the house had no more water due to the lack of rain.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I still remember the time where I wandered in the wood, chasing after birds. sometimes I was all alone in the afternoon during my school months and sometimes accompanied with my cousins who came for vacation during summer holiday. Once in the wood, no tree was ever too high to climb. Because I was always thrilled to do that by being the birds nest\uc0{\u8217}s spy. I also used to climb tree so as to pick fruits. Sometimes, I spent the whole afternoon, wandering in the wood. When I came back home in the twilight, I have been often beaten by my mother. I also started playing marbles mainly in the backyard of the house with other children and\uc0{\u160} building toy house by making mud with dust mixed with cinders or ashes. It was also at that time I started learning how to drive a bike all alone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was also at that time I helped my mother in farming the land and started making my own garden too. I also engaged myself to cattle breeding and had some goats to breed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I successfully ended my primary studies while there was no secondary school anywhere else in that provincial town if not in the town called Anse-\uc0{\u224}-galets, therefore my mother was forced to move with us in Anse-A-galets so that I could pursue my secondary studies. I was just 13 years old at that time. That town was the place where I spent my whole adolescence and the beginning of my adulthood before leaving it to go to Port-Au-Prince so that I could pursue my higher studies following the end of my classical studies.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So I now had a better environment to\uc0{\u160} explore and enjoy my time, having new experiences,\uc0{\u160} new neighbors and meeting new people whose some of them became my long term friends. Being raised in the countryside, I was very curious and observant once in that town. I started wandering in the street under the sun in the morning and early at night in order to explore my new environment and, as the sea was not far from me there, I often went to the beach with my cousin who came to that place before me and learned to swim.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 All those experiences were not just about balance and connection of joy, time, freedom, imagination, exploration and\uc0{\u160} creation to help me enjoy my life from the first stage of journey alongside existence but also contribute to the process which help me\uc0{\u160} shape my future and sharpen my mind by forming my personality, develop my imagination and a better perception about life and the world to make me the person that I am now.}\par
{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}