{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy31\hr00\min48\sec12}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy31\hr00\min48\sec12}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That buttery smile,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With the flex of the depreciating muscle mass.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lips, so full. So beautiful.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A tinged pink, like a slightly bruise peach.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Somehow always so soft, always supple.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With a rounding of the lower belly, as his upper spine began to take a similar curvature.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hellenic nose, so prominent and strongly affixed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Black frame glasses, nearly always touching the tip of his nose from so often looking down.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Long dark lashes lined his deep, sky-wide eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember, I would study his face.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As he laid there half asleep and I looked up from his arms.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Or while he lazily watched the television, I would look up from his arms.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And just look.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Watch his face.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I distinctly remembered doing so, with the intention of cementing his face into my memory.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The curly locks that would grace the tip of each soft follicle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When it got long enough, the whole head curled in dark brown rings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While short, a dark blond almost, in a sweeping wave..}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As he always fixed his hair into place.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Running his fingers thru subconsciously.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Forever engraved how I felt in that moment.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 How I saw him from my eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the most beautiful person I\uc0{\u8217}ve ever known.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the smartest person I\uc0{\u8217}d ever known.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Someone so distinctly\uc0{\u8230}different.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 New and Unique.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His dark beard was usually trimmed to a perfect length, never too long to impede our lips from meeting.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember now. I had admired him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Admired his passion, his drive.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 How, when he spoke, he spoke with such excitement and vigor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wanted to inject his enthusiasm into me,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wanted his passion to ignite into me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I admired how he lived life, how he approached things with confidence.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was so low, so empty.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I felt his energy fill me, his presence comforted me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t alone. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have to beg for his company.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So easy the comfort came, like speaking to an old friend with time changed nothing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 How he spoke of dreams, and the tangibility he attached to those dreams.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Making those dreams into reality, or so I believed he could.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Maybe, even for me, my dreams could come true too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His passion ignited a fire I never knew I had.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He woke a side to me I had never realized lied in wait inside myself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To make me feel things I had never envisioned for myself before.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I experience a deep connection that I still have not felt from another person.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I felt, holy seen and deeply experienced.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My existence was savored, was welcomed, requested\uc0{\u8230} and eventually devoured.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Those beginning moments were so carefree.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So vulnerable and careful.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I felt so, wanted, more than I had ever in my entire life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was the focus of his attention,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The object of his desire.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Made to feel absolutely beautiful, soft\uc0{\u8230}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To feel like a woman.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To be touched like a woman after only being seen as a girl.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To be with someone whom I found so profoundly beautiful, hooked me deep.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While there is no victim in my stories, I can acknowledge the naivety that enveloped me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was gullible and, at times, detached.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nevertheless, he injected excitement into my life, attempting\uc0{\u8212}and occasionally succeeding\uc0{\u8212}with his manipulations.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The progression of us becomes clear to me; we both had a script.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The difference is, I never begged for him to stay.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I never felt insecure that he would abruptly leave me or fuck someone else.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To hold tightly\uc0{\u8230} that isn\uc0{\u8217}t my nature.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I don\uc0{\u8217}t always fight for people, even when maybe I should.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I take words at face value, even when I shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He felt insecure that I would leave.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The fear that was dragged in from a time and place before me,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The fear that eventually became the rot in us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Become sick and need someone to look after him, to be his family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He held on too tightly, became too mean.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tried to knock me down too many times.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And I stayed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Out of boredom, out of no other apparent options.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The sex was great so what else did I need?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Until we got to the point of no return, and I knew I was leaving.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had my exit strategy in place months before\uc0{\u8230} and he knew it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And I\uc0{\u8217}m certain he knew.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I never hid that I was looking for opportunities away from him, and I let him know I was moving.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sure, long-distance we discussed half-heartedly, but I know he knew.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And I knew it too. Even if I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to admit it to myself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the retrospect, the later half of us, was just me chasing those early moments and feelings from the beginning. Just chasing the person I had originally met and feel in awe of. Feeling obligated to mother a motherless and fatherless man. A coreless man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Guilt and loneliness will twist your will.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I definitely resented him, still do at times.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s all extremely bittersweet. Still painful.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I made it a point afterwards to not think about him or our time together too much. That I\uc0{\u8217}d be better off forgetting. So funny it\uc0{\u8217}s to come up now. To be reminded of him now.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s annoying to still care about someone you want to hate, someone you know you should hate. You should want only pain and suffering to those who\uc0{\u8217}ve hurt you. But, I can\uc0{\u8217}t. I can\uc0{\u8217}t ever be that mad at him. I feel deep sadness for him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Even now I pity him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I pity who I was.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I pity what we were together.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We took from each other.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We feed our egos from one another other.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His attention, squarely on me. He needed me, he wanted me. Couldn\uc0{\u8217}t live without me. How would I walk away from such a feeding frenzy? Until we both gave up. Once he went silent and stopped fighting, what was left for me out of this relationship?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wish he had\uc0{\u8230} experienced more love in his early life. Had other deep unwavering bonds in his life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wish I had experienced more of my passions, had my own self-determination.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wish I had experienced more affirmation from my loved ones, and security in myself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wish we could\uc0{\u8217}ve been different in so many ways. Different to each other.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wish things could have been, should have been\uc0{\u8230}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s strange, I still miss him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Those last moments of him, weren\uc0{\u8217}t of him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What was left was a shell of a man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Left behind was that of a scared child.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A confused, hurt, and angry child.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That\uc0{\u8217}s all that was left of him in the end.}}\par
\sect
}