{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy11\hr16\min25\sec43}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy11\hr16\min25\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is again a rainy saturday, me and my friend Lena are siting on the couch and looking at the rain drops hitting the window. It has been years that both of us have descendent from our planet on earth. In these years we tried to live like humans or at least copy them. We met alot of people and made alot of friends.In that day , I looked at Lena and said isn\uc0{\u8217}t it beautiful? How enjoyable is the life of humans; how pleasant is it to smell the rain , walk in the rain. Touch the leaves of flowers. I mean look at them . They are actually leaving our dream, apart from those they have\uc0{\u160} had alot of progression. They almost conquered the world .They have had several revolutions like sceintific revolution or cultural revolution. These have improved humans to do something no other form of life has done. They have jumped to the top, They are now finding ways to roam other planets. Isn\uc0{\u8217}t that exciting?Lena smiled and said\uc0{\u160} but it is not always exciting. They have their own struggles too.Yes ,\uc0{\u160} Maybe they have had alot of progression during past hundred years but still something has not changed. They are still confused . They have divided the world in goods and bads although goods are not always good and bads are not always bad. They created and connect around ideas that dont really exist like countries,nationality or politics.They still divide humans into men and women and they couldn\uc0{\u8217}t tolerate the equality.In their life each of them wishes to be another one. They dont like their real one or they dont want to expose it.The dont know value of each other , value of their time or loved ones.While in a part of the earth someone is dying of hunger and all he wants is to be able to bring one day good food to his family , In the other corner of the world\uc0{\u160} someone who has alot of wealth suffers from the monotony of his life\uc0{\u8230}They all couldn\uc0{\u8217}t find the internal peace. It is not easy to be aware of the cruelty and injustice that was done to you but you cannot do anything for it.It is painful\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Maybe she was right . Dreaming of being a human is not always cool\uc0{\u8230}It is painful..}}\par
\sect
}