{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr03\min28\sec15}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr03\min28\sec15}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Trevor woke up suddenly,\uc0{\u160} frantic, sweaty and slightly out of breath, as he tried to steady his vision and adjust to the darkness, he was overwhelmed with relief when he realized it was just a dream . . .or was it?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He got up from his bed and went to the kitchen to get a glass of water. He walked out of his room and into the passage way and wondered why it was no dark. Since he left his phone in his bedroom, he had no choice but to searched the wall for the light switch. He found it and tried to switch on the lights, to no avail. He concluded that it was just a power cut from the heavy rains pouring outside and proceeded to the kitchen, slowly trying not to knock into anything. Using his hands on the walls to guide him, he finally found the kitchen door and twisted the knob to open it.\uc0{\u160} The door made a loud squeaking sound as it opened. He steadily made his way to the fridge opened it and drank from a bottle of water. Feeling relieved and refreshed, he placed the bottle back, closed the fridge and turned around to go back to his room. Only, when he turned around, Trevor was no longer in the kitchen. He found himself in a dark wet, humid forest. \uc0{\u8221} Oh no!, Not again!, he shrieked in fear. How did I get here?\uc0{\u8230}.HELP!!!!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But there was no reply, just total silence. He looked around him and realized he was back in that same forest again, the one from his dream, but \uc0{\u8221}what\uc0{\u8217}s going on!?\uc0{\u8221} he thought as he tried not to panic. As he stood there in the muddy forest, he heard food steps coming his way-again!. Was is a animal?, was it a man?, should i call for help? His breathing got heavier as all these thoughts flooded his mind and the footsteps only seemed to be getting closer and faster, and before he could make up his mind on what to do, Trevor started running as fast as his skinny legs could take him. The mud was slippery and he almost fell twice, it was dark and the trees seemed to be closing in, as if they were getting closer ad closer together. But that didn\uc0{\u8217}t stop him, he ran and ran and ran.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He got distracted again and wondered if the footsteps were following him. When he turned to look around while running, he was too late to notice the big tree root along his path and he tripped with a hard landing. But he wasn\uc0{\u8217}t hurt, the ground was unexpectedly soft. He took a moment to catch his breath and to listen for any weird sounds again. He heard nothing and let out a sig of relief. when he tried to get back up, Trevor realized he was already knee-high and sinking in what appeared to be mud. He tried to wiggle and wriggle out of the quick-sand, but the more he struggled, the deeper he was drowning in it. Before he knew it, he was waist-high in the quicksand. While he was trying his best to get out of the quicksand, The footsteps found him again. Trevor once more started to panic, He had never felt this frightened before in his life. His heart was beating so fast he thought it was going to burst out of his chest. Sweat trickled down his whole body as he struggled to move whilst the footsteps only got closer and closer and closer. Suddenly he felt a hand on his shoulders, Trevor screamed at the top of his lungs in fear.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Trevor!, wake up!\uc0{\u8221} Trevor woke up and found himself back in his room with his mother standing over him. \uc0{\u8221}are you okay Trevor, it looked like you were having a nightmare\uc0{\u8221}. Trevor let out a breath and he was so relieved to see his mother and realizing, it was just a dream.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}