{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy18\hr08\min36\sec32}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy18\hr08\min36\sec32}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I started catfishing my best friend three months ago in January, 2020. I met him in junior high school in a town called Lira and we had been best friends ever since then. I am twenty three years now, I fell in love with him the first time I saw him. Three years had passed and we had all gotten jobs and living independently but my feelings for him hadn\uc0{\u8217}t yet changed. He was now a lecturer at lira university and I was a primary teacher. I gathered courage and told him how I felt but his response was negative. He assured me that he didn\uc0{\u8217}t feel the same way about me. This really hurt me a lot. Things got weird between us after that for almost three months.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We became close after three months had passed. I acted as if I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have feelings for him anymore. A month after this, he started dating a girl from church. The girl was beautiful, light skinned and blond too. On top of that she was an accountant in Equity Bank. One could say she was more better than me in everything. It broke my heart every time I saw them together. But I kept everything bottled up inside me. He dated her for two years but things didn\uc0{\u8217}t really turn out well for both of them. When he broke up with her, I wanted to tell that I still had strong feelings for him but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have the courage because I feared being heartbroken again. Two weeks later, I had gathered enough strength to tell him but it was too late already because he was already in a relationship with some girl at the university and she was a lecturer too. I love this guy so much and I knew everything about him. Their relationship with his colleague didn\uc0{\u8217}t last for even two weeks when they broke up because of jealousy issues. It seems the lady had so many male friends and he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t take it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So when they broke up, I created a fake account and started messaging him on Facebook. My plan was to make him fall in love with me online then reveal myself to him later. I used a picture of my friend to catfish him. First, I sent him a friend request on Facebook. He accepted the next day. Then we started chatting. It was easy for me to make him fall in love with me since I knew him in and out. We only used to text, and whenever he wanted a video call, I kept giving one excuse after another. When he told me that he wanted to meet me, I told him my parents had sent me to do something for them in another district called Gulu. Gulu was a little bit far from Lira. I went ahead and told him we would meet when I got back.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two months later, he started insisting on meeting me. He went as far as telling me that if I didn\uc0{\u8217}t meet him within that week , he was going to end our relationship. This scared me, I was confused on what to do next, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know whether to tell him the truth or not. I knew that if I was to tell him the whole truth, he would leave me and would not be friends with me too. He had already fallen in love with me even without meeting me in person. We spoke everyday, sometimes, we would be in the same room and I would see how excited he felt talking to me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He would be expressing his love for me through the phone, and I just want to shout out loud to him and let him know that the person he is talking to is just right next to him. He is always telling me about the online girl not knowing he is talking to me. He told me he has fallen madly in love with her within that short period of time and that he believes she\uc0{\u8217}s his soulmate. I really felt guilty sometimes for lying to him but what could I do? I always chickened out whenever I wanted to tell him the truth.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A week after, he had put too much pressure on me to meet up with him, I came up with an idea to solve this without getting caught. This plan was one of the biggest mistakes i had ever made. I contacted that friend of mine whose pictures I was using to lie to my best friend. I told her everything and asked her to help me out. I begged her to meet him for me within the course of the week. I should have just told him the truth that I was the one behind that fake account but I feared losing him. That evening, they met for diner. After their meeting, my friend told me that he was still suspicious. She told me she could help me calm his mind down, and that to do so I should give her the details for the fake account. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know she had other motives behind all this. So I gave it to her expecting that she was helping me out. When they met for the second time, my friend confessed that she had also fallen in love with him and that he loves her too. There was nothing I could do at this point because I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t tell him the truth. I would rather let him keep me as his friend and he stays with my friend than to have him hate me for lying to him. I gave up. Few months later the two got married and I learnt to live with that for the rest of my life. Seeing them together really hurted me for a while but eventually I got over it. They lived happily and I remained his best friend.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}