{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy01\hr20\min49\sec40}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy01\hr20\min49\sec40}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As my eyes become wider at the sight of the lanterns above my head, my mind whispers a familiar phrase I didn\uc0{\u8217}t appropriately give it the thought it needs before.\uc0{\u8221}I want you to have the courage to want more\uc0{\u8221}. After a time fuelled with anger, frustration and dare I say desperation the voices in my head stop and unite to create a beautiful silence and to remain in awe at the magical scene in front of them. I grew up always associating fire with destruction. Today, it took the form of newborn heartbeats. The heartbeats of people\uc0{\u8217}s wishes and dreams soaring into the sky and blending with the stars. \uc0{\u8221}I want you to have the courage to want more\uc0{\u8221}. There I was, hearing it again. It wasn\uc0{\u8217}t a memory I had, or the voice of a famous singer singing a song, even though the phrase is from a song I grew up with. It was my own voice I heard. Perhaps my mind finally putting the pieces together, my thoughts finally coming to a conclusion. My heart beating in sync with the glimmer in my eyes or my past and present self giving me advice. As the lantern in my hand became lighter and followed the others into the sky, I felt the weight of the world become lighter on my shoulders as well. My finger burned from the lighter in my hand as I gave a piece of my heart away. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t feel the burn then, as my body and soul was soaked with hope from the ethereal beauty of the moment. As the scene slowly fades and I return to my finally quiet bed, my eyes instinctively turn to the window. The sky is now empty and dark, but my mind is now full and bright. An effortless smile appears on my face, like it was drawn by someone else and I whisper to myself \uc0{\u8221} I want to have the courage to want more\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\sect
}