{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy15\hr17\min59\sec24}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy15\hr17\min59\sec24}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother and I moved far away to another town because of my abusive father when I was fifteen years old. My best friend Sara lived in that town where we moved to. Sara\uc0{\u8217}s dad was the landlord of the new house we moved in to. Our friendship became much stronger since we were now close. We became inseparable. We would go to school together. My mum was a trader who moved from one town to another to trade. And so I was always sleeping over at Sara\uc0{\u8217}s house. Sara held her dad on high pedestal, and I didn\uc0{\u8217}t blame her, the man treated her like a queen. Sara\uc0{\u8217}s dad is called David. David was always nice to me, but sometimes I catch him starring at me. It was weird but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t think much if it. One night, during my usual sleepovers, I was thirsty so I went to the kitchen to get some drinking water. On my way to the kitchen, I saw David sitting in the living room watching sports. He asked me to take him a glass of water. I was about to leave after giving the water to him when he asked me to sit besides him on the couch. He asked about my dad and that had always been a very difficult and emotional topic for me. I broke down in tears as I told him how mean my dad had always been to me and my mum. Being so vulnerable at that time, David asked me to put my head on his laps. It was weird but I thought he was only trying to console me. So I laid down my head on his laps. Few minutes later, I unknowingly fell asleep. I woke up the next day in sara\uc0{\u8217}s bedroom. Feeling uneasy and sore after sleeping off during a conversation with David. And I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t remember how I got there. Sara\uc0{\u8217}s dad must have taken me there of course. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t think much of it, after all I was just fifteen years. And I thought of David as a father figure to me. David became very affectionate towards me after the conversation we had the previous night. He would always give me money secretly and told me not to tell anyone. Sometimes, he would take me out to the beach secretly to talk. He never touched me but we always hugged warmly. Few weeks later, my mum got sick and was unable to work so our rent was due. Instead of evicting us, David allowed us to stay in the apartment for free. I was so happy that I got a father, who loved and cared for me. I wanted to tell Sara about my secret outing with her dad but he asked me not to. He said he wanted to keep it our little secret. My mum and I stayed in the apartment rent for free for a year. When I turned sixteen years, I started developing interest in boys. Since I would tell David everything, I went ahead and told him about a boy I was crushing on at school. He got so angry and stated yelling at me. He told me to forget any feelings I had for the boy. He told me that the boy would just use me and then leave me. Shortly, he apologized to me and told me that he only wanted the best for me. He made me promise not to talk to any boy at school. I became a little scared, I felt that something wasn\uc0{\u8217}t right because I knew Sara was dating a boy at school and David didn\uc0{\u8217}t have a problem with it. In fact, he even invited the boy over one time for diner to get to know him better. So I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t understand why my case was different. I started distancing myself from David and also started refusing the gifts he would give me. One day, he texted me to meet him at our usual spot at the beach after school. I told him that I would be busy. He got angry and threatened to evict my mum and i from the house if I didn\uc0{\u8217}t go. There and then, I knew I was dealing with a wrong person. He didn\uc0{\u8217}t really love me as a person, he just wanted to use me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To be continued.}}\par
\sect
}