{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy01\hr15\min21\sec33}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy01\hr15\min21\sec33}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother was a victim after finding that she was alone in the family of many. my father got married to a girl who was barren and she could not give birth to a child no matter how they always tried to get one. things were too tough to the extent that my father lost patient and decided to get married to another girl and that is how I was found on the planet earth unexpectedly due to the beautiful decision that my father did of deciding to marry my mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was on Sunday in the year Two Thousand (2000) when father decided to approach my mother. My mother was so hesitant since she knew that my father had a wife and it was so difficult for both of them to be together. My father tried to convince her to accept her proposal but my mother was so reluctant. This makes me to imagine if that my mother would disagree, I would never have been existed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother accepted to give my father a reasonable doubt and they became more than what they thought. I can say that they decided to become lovers. Unfortunately, the woman who was dating my father died after six months when my father and my mother were dating. It was a very difficult situation for my father hearing the bad news about his girlfriend. It did not touch him much since my mother was there to comfort him all the time. However, it was not easy for my father to get rid of those thoughts.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After the death of my father\uc0{\u8217}s first girlfriend, it didn\uc0{\u8217}t take long before I was born. I was like a comfort in my father\uc0{\u8217}s life since he did not regret to have me. His first girlfriend was barren and that is why he would try to search for other girls to see if he would at least have a child. He celebrated to have me in his life and he told my mother that he wants more children from her after me. My mother thought like she was dreaming because she never expected such words from my father.}}\par
\sect
}