{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy09\hr18\min21\sec52}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy09\hr18\min21\sec52}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I WILL NEVER FORGET}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Once upon a time, a community endured a protracted period of hunger. That issue arose when the field was ready for planting and all the necessary preparations had been done. They then planted a variety of seeds, including groundnuts, beans, rice, and many more. However, a bug known as mararia kanangwa kills the tree embryo when the seeds reach the germination process and hinders plant germination. Much though this pest was exceedingly small, the fact that it resembled a human face made it even more remarkable. They had everything they needed to put on the hay when it was time to harvest, so they were ready}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Treacherous, treacherous.\uc0{\u8221} One shouted,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Truly, truly treacherous.\uc0{\u8221} One more shouted before passing out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The leader apologized and asked}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}How is it possible, and who did this?\uc0{\u8221} He said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Where will we go, and how are we going to feed our family, friends, and relatives?\uc0{\u8221} He said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}How are we going to tell the people about this when they have nothing to eat?\uc0{\u8221} he added.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Fortunately, they were able to spread the word of the tragedy, but hunger pervaded every area. Relationships between family members, friends, and other members of the community deteriorated. \uc0{\u160}Because everyone in that hamlet was on their own and there was a severe problem with hunger,.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Food luck is to blame for everything. The majority of the children in this town resembled mosquitoes and had large heads, large bellies, and little legs and arms. For the kids in that area, malnutrition became the norm; it was terribly terrible since people were starving to death.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What transgression did we do that God cannot pardon?\uc0{\u8221} It was said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Despite all of our efforts, nothing has changed after four years.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160} One more person talked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We prayed a lot and waited for God to answer, but there was no sign of a response.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This community contained residents who were not working to obtain food for the preceding four years. Their king can permit them to simply steal and use food from nearby regions. As a result, as soon as the leader of the other town learned of it, they went to the witch doctors and ordered starvation in the community that had been stealing, stipulating that this practical decree would only be broken if the king of that village was assassinated.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Their ruler suffered this fate so that they could feed the populace.}}\par
\sect
}