{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy30\hr12\min49\sec22}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy30\hr12\min49\sec22}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I was a kid, I had friends that I thought we would be together for the rest of our lives. Marjan and Shakila were my childhood friends, we were neighbors and lived in the same alley. We saw each other every day.We played together, we had a colorful world, and when we were sleeping at night, our only concern was what kind of game we would play tomorrow, our happiness and joys were summed up by buying new clothes with bright colors and eating delicious snacks.as small and deep) and this was far from the world of adults, the only wish of every child is to grow up sooner.When you are a child, you say to yourself, \uc0{\u8221}I will grow up sooner so that I can do my work without needing anyone.\uc0{\u8221} We grew up and now each of us is busy with our lives.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Marjan moved a few years ago and we moved away from each other and we didn\uc0{\u8217}t see each other again, but one day I happened to see her inside the university and we started our friendship again and we are advancing the university together.She always wanted to become a judge and finally she followed her interest and started law, but Shakila, I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how many grades she studied at the school, but she didn\uc0{\u8217}t finish, they went to the village and became a bride.Shakila\uc0{\u8217}s brother was planning to get married. Therefore, his sister married to reduce her wedding expenses. Shakila was only 13 years old at the time of her engagement, and she still did not know anything about living together.She got pregnant at the age of 14. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t even know what pregnancy was.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, suddenly her stomach hurt, her mother took her to the hospital, when the doctor examined her, he said that Shakila is pregnant, she is 16 weeks pregnant, and she should be very aware at this age.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His mother hit him on the head and face when her daughter got pregnant. In the traditional society, it is considered a fault for a fiancee\uc0{\u8217}s daughter to become pregnant or to be single before marriage, and the girl\uc0{\u8217}s name is tarnished.And Shakila started crying and said: God, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know I was pregnant. And she was saying to himself, how can I go out among people, how dare I go out of the house\uc0{\u8230}!The night we were guests at Zalmi\uc0{\u8217}s house, he made me unconscious. When I woke up, Mer threatened not to tell anyone, if you do, they will kill you and me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When Shakila\uc0{\u8217}s mother asked her son-in-law, Zalmi, why did you do this injustice to her and that it is rape. Zalmi denied and wanted to keep himself clean, he said that this child is not mine, I am not the child\uc0{\u8217}s father. And he wanted to defame the girl.Zalmi\uc0{\u8217}s friend said that Zalmi did such a thing and his lie was exposed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Shakila\uc0{\u8217}s mother was forced to keep silent and hold the wedding ceremony as soon as possible. And Shakila a week passed from her wedding ceremony when her baby was born. But Shakila was not allowed to go out of the house after her marriage, she was not even allowed to go to her mother\uc0{\u8217}s house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He was not even allowed to wear his favorite clothes. Shakila was always beaten and angered by her husband, and this violence (from the man to the woman) is the cause of the mental burden that the man suffers and makes himself appear superior and stronger than the woman.He sees a woman as a worthless creature and asks her to obey her husband and reach her home and children, and when a woman makes a mistake in the eyes of a man, he abuses her.)}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now Shakila is 20 years old and she continues her life with this misery and she got two sons and a daughter. But Shakila was so helpless and innocent.This innocence did not allow her to file a complaint against her husband. Maybe she tolerated it for the sake of her children. And this tolerance was because he was afraid that if his family filed a complaint, they would divorce him and His children are separated from him and he can no longer see his children.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day she came out of the bathroom and wrapped the towel around her head and threw a scarf, only her forehead hair was visible. When her husband saw it, he said: Now you want to pose, you are pulling your hair out from under the shawl.Now I will show you the style. First he cut his forehead hair and then he shaved his hair with a machine and said that I did something that you will not forget for the rest of your life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And at that moment, Shakila was under too much pressure and became weak, and her husband had wrapped the shawl around her head so that the state of her hair could not be seen, and he took her to the doctor, and the doctor said that she had nervous tension(It is clear that these psychological pressures are the cause of the blows and beatings he received, the pains he endured and did not say anything) and he should stay away from controversies.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But her husband did not listen to the doctor\uc0{\u8217}s story and continued his violence. And he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t understand Shakila, who is both a human and a woman, and the reason for this violence is not clear.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Until one day Shakila went to her house from her mother\uc0{\u8217}s house when Zalmi sat there angry and told her that she is going to her mother\uc0{\u8217}s house to have fun. Shakila said no, I have the right to go to see my mother.Zalmi took Shakila\uc0{\u8217}s hair in his hands and said: You are going and you are not wearing a tent inside the house. He slapped Shakila\uc0{\u8217}s face hard and she fell. He raised Shakila again and hit her face again. Shakila\uc0{\u8217}s head hit the wall and fell.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With the blow, Shakila suffered a nervous breakdown and passed out. When he regained consciousness, he didn\uc0{\u8217}t seem to understand anything, he just put on his tent and walked barefoot to his mother\uc0{\u8217}s house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She knocked on the door of her mother\uc0{\u8217}s house one by one, her mother opened the gate and Shakila fell on her mother\uc0{\u8217}s hands.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His mother took him home and gave him sugar water to wake him up. Shakila opened her eyes, but she did not recognize anyone except her mother. He neither spoke nor did anything, he just looked and said one word to his mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She said my head hurts, mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her mother cried and called her son-in-law, what did you do to my daughter? Zalmi said that I only slapped him, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t do anything to make him feel so bad. The mother said: We have to take him to the hospitals of the city.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Zalmi brought Shakila to the city and Shakila\uc0{\u8217}s mother also came with her daughter. But he did not take Shakila to the hospital because the government will investigate why the girl has reached this condition. Does he have a complaint?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Later, he was arrested and taken to a doctor whom no one knew. Shakila was under the doctor\uc0{\u8217}s care for one night and then the doctor discharged her and said that she needs mental and emotional peace, watch her behavior.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Shakila\uc0{\u8217}s sister, who is in the city, wanted to complain to her when Zalmi ran away from the doctor and took her to his house. And he called Shakila\uc0{\u8217}s sister and said it will not happen again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A few days passed and he beat his wife again, but this time the reason for his anger was not known.Shakila\uc0{\u8217}s brother took her to his house and said that we will divorce you and give your children to his father. But Shakila cannot ignore her children.Because she is a mother.And he does not want to divorce. How long will this violence continue?}}\par
\sect
}