{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy13\hr08\min30\sec28}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy13\hr08\min30\sec28}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am from a very small town called Apac and I can boldly say I was the prettiest girl in town. Because of this, I was very popular in school and I think this made me a bit arrogant. I was sometimes mean to my friends and a bit rude to the teachers. I could have any boy I wanted but they were all out of my league till Daniel moved into town. He was the grandson of the richest man in town. He was elegant, tall and handsome as well and we started dating the first month he came to my school. We were the supreme couple of the school. Daniel was a bit short tempered but apart from that everything about him was just perfect. I was very happy, I had girls who worshipped me, a beautiful boyfriend who had money who gave me everything I wanted. My life was perfect till a girl called Jemima came and ruined everything. She approached me one day in school and told me that Daniel had assaulted her. I knew immediately that she was lying because she was no where in Daniel\uc0{\u8217}s league and how could Daniel leave a girl like me for a girl like her. It was just not possible, I called her a liar and told her to stay away from me. I told some girls in my school to make sure Jemima\uc0{\u8217}s life was not comfortable so that she would think twice before she lies about something like that again. Gina, a girl in my group who would do anything to please me, went beyond to make jemima\uc0{\u8217}s life miserable but jemima didn\uc0{\u8217}t back down. She went to a teacher in school and told him the same lies about Daniel. Luckily the school was built by Daniel\uc0{\u8217}s grandfather. The called Daniel and told him about Jemima\uc0{\u8217}s accusations. I never asked Daniel if jemima\uc0{\u8217}s accusations were true because I just couldn\uc0{\u8217}t comprehend the world where he could choose someone like Jemima over me. After the teacher told him about Jemima\uc0{\u8217}s accusation, he went to Jemima\uc0{\u8217}s house to tell her to leave him alone or there will be consequences. Jemima lived in the outskirt of town with her blind grandmother. When he came back, he told me he had gone to Jemima\uc0{\u8217}s place to warn her to leave us alone. Later that day, jemima came to my house with bruises all over her face claiming that Daniel had assaulted and beaten her again. She begged me to believe her, I chased her out of my house, because I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe a stranger over my boyfriend. She was behaving like a psycho at that point. I asked everyone at school the next day to stay away from her because she was mentally ill. She became an outcast in no time but she still didn\uc0{\u8217}t back down. She went to the police to report Daniel, I wondered why this girl wanted to destroy my perfect life. Luckily, the police man she met knew Daniel\uc0{\u8217}s grandfather. He was bribed by Daniel\uc0{\u8217}s grandfather and the case didn\uc0{\u8217}t go any father. The land Jemima and her grandmother were staying at was for Daniel\uc0{\u8217}s grandfather. He chased them from his land and they moved to a dirty hostel downtown. Two days later,her grandmother passed away and then Jemima disappeared. Some people used to say she had been locked up in a mental institution dome where.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ten years later, Jemima came back, and strange things started happening. I married Daniel and we had two beautiful kids. He was still a bit short tempered but I could handle that. Jemima came into town as a substitute teacher in the school my kids were studying at. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t recognize her at first when I saw her because she had really changed, she was looking more beautiful and classy. When I got a bit closer, I definitely knew it was her. She smiled at me when she saw me as if we were long time good friends. She was acting as if she had forgotten all the differences we had in the past. I just walked away. When I got home, o told Daniel about her. Daniel tried to get the school to fire her but apparently she also had connections now and she was only there as a replacement for only a month. So I just had to wait for one month for her to leave our lives for good. People started dying mysteriously. Gina my friend who had made Jemima\uc0{\u8217}s life miserable at school was found dead. Everybody was saying she died by jumping from a storage building but I had a feeling she was pushed. After police did their investigation, they said no foul play was involved. A week later, the teacher Jemima went to ten years ago to report Daniel had a heart attack and died on spot from no where. Then the police officer who refused to work on Jemima\uc0{\u8217}s case was hit by a car two days after the death of the teacher. The policeman died on spot too. This wasn\uc0{\u8217}t a coincidence anymore. I knew that Jemima was behind all this, I went to the police with my suspicions. When I got there, the police had got an incriminating evidence against Jemima. The street camera and the place where Gina was pushed too. She was linked to all the three deaths and she got arrested. If she hadn\uc0{\u8217}t been arrested, she probably would have killed me and my family too. We lived in peace after she got arrested.}}\par
\sect
}