{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy12\hr19\min28\sec41}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy12\hr19\min28\sec41}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Journey of Healing and Resilience}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the three years of deep pain and sorrow, thinking about what the war took from me was the unforgettable moment of my life. Sitting behind a tent that is now my home, every second is a lesson on how to move forward and heal myself from the depression caused by the loss of friends and family I loved the most.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Three days before the war started, as the beauty of the night and morning shone, my life was bright and shining. We were so much happier, sitting every night around the fire in a small village of mine. Everybody was living the life of their dreams and improving their lifestyle for the better.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two days before the war, in a moment of calm and joy, the worst information of a violent war starting was heard for the first time in the happiest village. Rumors terrifying the happiness of the village; the war was near. Nobody could believe that in such a time of joy, the village could fall into chaotic desolation and lose the most precious value of happiness. The incredulity of the villagers was the first mistake we made. Just as if nothing to worry about was coming, everybody kept living their lives as if nothing was coming towards us. So strong was the spirit of uncaring, it blinded us, forgetting that happiness could turn into pain and sorrow.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day before the war, the hearing of strange sounds coming from the borders made us live in worry for the first time. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t understand how this could be true after seeing everybody terrified with the expected onset of war. Emerging the village under cries of loss, with panic, all of us tried to find some shelter. We couldn\uc0{\u8217}t avoid the call of the village leader gathering under a tree. Terrified, the village leader said, \uc0{\u8220}Today, I stand before you with a heavy heart and a somber purpose. The storm of changes is coming, and they carry with them the sound of war depression. As your village leader, it is my duty to address you, to unite our community together in the face of this imminent war towards us.\uc0{\u8221} The leader\uc0{\u8217}s advice of unity was not valued. After the panic consumed us, nobody could stand and look after one another. Everyone started to pack and prepare for the chaotic event of their lives. The war was near, knocking on the doors of the village. The loss of control and emotions was very high, looking for a way of surviving in the coming storm we were.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the last day, the war started with an enormous, terrifying array of war machines. Everybody was in a large scale of worry, saving lives being the priority of each one. Seeing actions of heroism was the only thing we could see. Fighting to help each other was the only thing we could do. Seeing the happiest village becoming a bloody ground, every bird migrated away from their shelter. Seeing the war consume everything in its passage, no one could resist that horrific view. Seeing brothers, nephews, the interfamily succumb in the lake of blood, losing lives one after another was the moment where the heart was for the first time knifed. Couldn\uc0{\u8217}t eyes openly see how my friends are executed without any crime committed, the vandalism of women\uc0{\u8217}s bodies is the traumatic event I could not heal from.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the war raged on, each day brought new challenges and hardships. The once vibrant village now lay in ruins, its streets echoing with the sounds of distant gunfire and the cries of those who had lost everything. Yet, amidst the chaos, there were moments of unexpected beauty and resilience.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember one evening, as the sun set in a blaze of fiery orange and pink, casting long shadows across the broken landscape. In that fleeting moment of stillness, I found solace in the beauty of the world around me, a reminder that even in the darkest of times, there is still hope.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the days that followed, I joined forces with other survivors, banding together to rebuild our shattered community. We cleared away debris, salvaged what we could, and worked tirelessly to create a sense of normalcy amidst the chaos. Each brick laid, each roof repaired, was a testament to our strength and resilience in the face of adversity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But the scars of war ran deep, not just in the physical landscape, but in the hearts and minds of those who had survived. Nightmares haunted our sleep, memories of loved ones lost and atrocities witnessed replaying in our minds like a never-ending nightmare.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yet, even in our darkest moments, there were glimmers of hope. Acts of kindness and compassion amidst the devastation, reminding us that even in the midst of tragedy, humanity endures.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And so, as the days turned into weeks, and the weeks into months, we began to heal, both individually and as a community. We found solace in each other\uc0{\u8217}s company, drawing strength from our shared experiences and the bonds forged in the crucible of war.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As time passed, the scars of the past began to fade, replaced by a renewed sense of purpose and determination. We may have lost everything, but we had gained something far more valuable: a newfound appreciation for the preciousness of life, and the resilience of the human spirit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And so, as I sit here now, reflecting on the journey that brought me to this moment, I am filled with a sense of gratitude for the lessons learned and the strength gained along the way. Though the road ahead may still be long and uncertain, I know that as long as we stand together, we can overcome any obstacle, no matter how insurmountable it may seem.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Losing everything from families to friends, homes, and worth, now it\uc0{\u8217}s time to live with no fear, remembering every day that we have nothing to lose again. Now it\uc0{\u8217}s time to see how we can rewrite a new page of life. The pain daily reminds the value of life. As a wise man said, \uc0{\u8220}The real meaning of life is pain,\uc0{\u8221} to live without pain we\uc0{\u8217}ll never remember why we\uc0{\u8217}re living. Pain reminds us of the reason to fight for life. From a happy and friendly life to a tent, now I\uc0{\u8217}m building myself little by little, getting stronger every day and unbreakable is my daily routine.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By: Daniel Baraka}}\par
\sect
}