{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy29\hr23\min18\sec40}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy29\hr23\min18\sec40}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 #OperationDudula first showed up online in June 2021 in South Africa. Its trending volumes were tiny, eclipsed by #PutSouthAfricansFirst. Both are dreadful online discourses that pin South Africa\uc0{\u8217}s double whammy of murderous crime and the world\uc0{\u8217}s biggest joblessness on millions of mainly Black African \uc0{\u8216}foreigners\uc0{\u8217} \uc0{\u8211} calling for their expulsion.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However, in February, there was a sudden change of fortunes. #OperationDudula hashtag netted nearly 60 000 mentions online and overtook #PutSouthAfricansFirst.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dark money?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}There\uc0{\u8217}s money involved. There is expertise,\uc0{\u8221} says Loren Landau, an expert at the African Centre for Migration Society in Johannesburg, hinting at the small nodes connecting dark money and a possible digital \uc0{\u8216}command center\uc0{\u8217} driving these chilling rightwing hashtags on behalf of shady interests in South Africa.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The public face and de-facto leader of the #OperationDudula anti-foreigner movement on and offline in South Africa, Mr. Nhlanhla \uc0{\u8216}Lux\uc0{\u8217} Dlamini, a digital savvy GenZ figure who likes to strut around in military green jackets, bulletproof vests, a platoon of fans and bodyguards, says no dark money or motive is driving them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Our online hashtags reinforce our offline demands that \uc0{\u8216}illegal immigrants\uc0{\u8217} must depart South Africa. We don\uc0{\u8217}t copy online tactics of the US\uc0{\u8217}s \uc0{\u8216}Great Replacement\uc0{\u8217} theory or Proud Boys,\uc0{\u8221} he says from Soweto, the biggest township where nearly 1.2 million low-income Black South Africans live 28 years after the end of apartheid colonialism.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Evading digital censors}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 #OperationDudula which is translated as \uc0{\u8216}OperationGoHome\uc0{\u8217} is a viral social media hashtag in South Africa whose stated plan is to deport millions of Black African immigrants who are accused of committing grisly crimes and \uc0{\u8216}rushing to give birth\uc0{\u8217} to grab welfare money and displace native South Africans.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Undoubtedly, commercial social media sites have become fertile ground for sharing messages propagating hate against minorities in many countries.\uc0{\u160} In South Africa, the movement has evolved quickly to evade (internet) censors, regulation, and the country\uc0{\u8217}s relatively strong hate speech laws,\uc0{\u8221} explains Loren\uc0{\u160} Landau, a professor at the\uc0{\u160} African Centre for Migration & Society, University of the Witwatersrand, in Johannesburg, South Africa\uc0{\u8217}s commercial capital.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Critics of the #OperationDudula hashtag that has populated South Africa\uc0{\u8217}s Twitter and Facebook chat boards point out that the South African hashtag is modeled on the ideals of America\uc0{\u8217}s white supremacist \uc0{\u8216}Great Replacement\uc0{\u8217} theory which inspired a white teenager to kill 10 Black Americans in Buffalo in May whilst broadcasting the atrocities on Facebook Live.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}#OperationDudula smells Trump-aligned \uc0{\u8216}Proud Boys\uc0{\u8217}; it smells \uc0{\u8216}The Great Replacement\uc0{\u8217} theory. It\uc0{\u8217}s digital bigotry arching from the US, and finding eager admirers in South Africa on and offline,\uc0{\u8221} says Kudakwashe Magezi, a digital poet in South Africa, who has been on the receiving end of #OperationDudula anti-immigrant trolls.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is a suspicion that Landau, the immigration academic points out that, there are undoubtedly strong resonances between the messages of the #OperationDudula hashtag in South Africa and anti-immigrant activists in the US, Europe, and elsewhere. Though it is difficult to draw a direct organizational connection between South Africa and the US, \uc0{\u8220}the South African groups undoubtedly draw from a global playbook\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Deadly offline consequences}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Pious Rwande, remembers the night a fierce anti-immigrant mob in Soweto Township South Africa descended on the home of a friend who was seized from his cabin, stoned, and later burnt him in the street in April.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The reason \uc0{\u8211} my late friend had no passport. I survived by crawling under a tractor into reeds,\uc0{\u8221} says the 27-year-old father of one who has fled South Africa and went to his native Zimbabwe out fear of for his life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Pious\uc0{\u8217}s escape from death by a whisker is not a fluke. In 2008, 62 immigrants were murdered (some native South Africans were mistaken as \uc0{\u8216}foreigners\uc0{\u8217} because they had \uc0{\u8216}dark skin\uc0{\u8217}), one burnt alive before global television cameras, and thousands were displaced when anti-Black xenophobia exploded across low-income in South Africa. From April this year, hundreds of Black foreign immigrants in South Africa have found refuge in police stations, their homes and markets torched allegedly by #OperationDudula mobs. Murders have occurred as #OperationDudula thugs hunt for Black immigrants. In more volatile encounters, some Black\uc0{\u8216}foreigners\uc0{\u8217} have formed vigilante groups, and opened fire, \uc0{\u160}killing alleged #OperationDudula attackers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It began as a Twitter, Facebook hashtags but offline the #OperationDudula hashtag is already spawning deadly consequences in South Africa,\uc0{\u8221} says Peter Xolo, president of the Zimbabwe Immigrants in South Africa Solidarity Forum, a watchdog in Johannesburg City.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}In 2008 anti-Black immigrant murders there was no mobile internet, no Twitter, no Facebook then. New digital tech in 2022 or beyond could deepen the carnage of hate.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Grievances}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why a viral Twitter/Facebook hashtag is creating deadly scenes in South Africa has got a lot to do with the decaying politics and economy of South Africa, the continent\uc0{\u8217}s most industrialized nation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What we are seeing is a specific and violent reaction to the impression that non-South Africans are stealing South African jobs and amenities,\uc0{\u8221} argues Stephen Chan, a professor at the School of Oriental and African Studies, University of London, who, though, doesn\uc0{\u8217}t think what\uc0{\u8217}s happening in South Africa is inspired by groups and \uc0{\u8217}hate projects\uc0{\u8217} in the USA.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 South Africa\uc0{\u8217}s wealth has taken a hit in recent years after an official probe of \uc0{\u8216}State Capture\uc0{\u8217} showed that Mr. Jacob Zuma (president between 2009 and 2017) allegedly linked up with shady business tycoons to loot and launder state coffers, thus bleeding the nation of an estimated $34bn. Mr. Zuma maintains his innocence. As a result of the impoverishment, railways, electricity, water, and the currency have collapsed significantly in the South thus giving a boost to despair such that in March, the World Bank declared South Africa \uc0{\u8216}the world most\uc0{\u8217} (financially) unequal country. Relatedly, crime in South Africa has risen to a car hijacked every 22 minutes, rampant kidnappings, and 71 murders a day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Because of few state money left, hungry poor Black South Africans accuse equally poor Black immigrants from failed neighbor countries of landing in South Africa to give birth and grab welfare money, overwhelming public schools, and hospitals \uc0{\u8211} hence the #OperationDudula hate hashtag, a borrow from the US\uc0{\u8217}s murderous \uc0{\u8216}Great Replacement\uc0{\u8217} theory, is admired here online and offline in South Africa,\uc0{\u8221} says Peter Xolo, president of the Zimbabwe Immigrants in South Africa Solidarity Forum, a watchdog in Johannesburg City.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Dangerous\uc0{\u8217} Twitter echo-chambers}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A cursory look at South Africa\uc0{\u8217}s internet ecosystem (Twitter, Facebook) shows that extremist hashtags like #SouthAfricansFirst, #Expelforeigners, etc. are having free reign, uncensored by platforms like Twitter. This leads tech critics in South Africa like Darly Moyo, trade unionist and leader of the informal Uber-Bolt Drivers in South Africa Alliance, to speculate that likes of Twitter, and Facebook (US-based corporations), don\uc0{\u8217}t see South Africa as an important online market to devote money and personnel to combating digital hate speech. Immigrant Uber and Bolt gig work drivers in South Africa, whom Moyo leads, are victims of xenophobic hashtags too and often get robbed at work, carjacked, or shot dead.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Landau, the immigration expert, warns and explains that the lanes of digital deadly misinformation extend beyond publicly verifiable chat boards like Twitter and Facebook into closed digital echo chambers in South Africa.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Perhaps, more importantly, the movement continues to exploit non-public media like WhatsApp chat groups which are generally unregulated and free for many users. In these spaces we see the fragmentation of debate into bubbles and echo chambers that help construct reality for people in ways often distorted and dangerous,\uc0{\u8221} he says.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Digital hate \uc0{\u8216}command centers\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Over the last five years, there has undoubtedly been a professionalization of the anti-immigrant message online in South Africa, adds Landau. There is money involved. There is expertise. There are clearly nodes or small groups propagating messages in service of their particular interests whatever those may be, he feels, though \uc0{\u8220}that said, there is a risk of presuming coherence here when there are many sources and many voices\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is important, feels Landau, to separate the nature of #OperationDudula in South Africa from US digital narratives like the \uc0{\u8216}Great Replacement\uc0{\u8217} theory.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The US movement is led by a privileged minority afraid of losing its dominance whereas the South African movement appeals to a group that remains economically marginalized. Both fear losing what they feel was promised to them.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\sect
}