{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy01\hr21\min42\sec23}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy01\hr21\min42\sec23}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I was a kid, I used to make adobe furniture out of thin wooden sticks, two-story houses with balconies. My childhood was spent swinging, climbing trees and boating. I was 9 years old when we moved to the big city. My mother always gave me chores; The water in our houses was often cut off, I was put on the list to get water from the neighbor\uc0{\u8217}s well.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, while I was in the water queue, my mother called from the balcony of the house. She said your sister is missing, find her. But when I come out of the water line and come back, there may be no water in the well. There were about 5 people waiting in front of me, each of them making various excuses to get ahead. Someone was saying that my child was sleeping, someone was saying that cooking at the stove, and someone was saying that my wife would come from work. I made up an excuse and said I was sick.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The women looked at me and said, \uc0{\u8221}This girl is telling the truth, blood is coming from her nose,\uc0{\u8221} and they seated me in the front row. My nose really bled.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I filled the water and took it home, then I found my sister and brought our home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Another day, I\uc0{\u8217}m still a child. My brother lost my father\uc0{\u8217}s lighter to someone else and could not get it from him. My mom told me to go with your brother and get a stick and that lighter for my safety. I bought a stick and went with my brother. My brother introduced me to the boy. I looked, the boy was quite tall, I was secretly afraid of him, but I did not show it. I said give me the lighter or I\uc0{\u8217}ll beat you. The boy handed over the lighter without protest and we went home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I was younger, I bought a calculator from the stationery store. \uc0{\u8220}Are you going to be an accountant, you bought a calculator?\uc0{\u8221} said an older sister sarcastically. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t answer at all. Time passed and I signed up for a computer course. When I got home, I said to my father: Dad, I want to go to a computer course. Daddy said I can\uc0{\u8217}t take care of you anymore. I said you don\uc0{\u8217}t have to worry about me, I already signed up. The computer course is over, then I went to the accounting course and I finished it successfully.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day my uncle\uc0{\u8217}s wife came to visit our house. \uc0{\u8220}It is a privilege to be a university student\uc0{\u8221} was written on the clock hanging on the wall. I looked at that article and said, \uc0{\u8217}I think my father wants to send me a message with this, because my father bought the watch.\uc0{\u8217} My aunt (my uncle\uc0{\u8217}s wife) answered me; She insulted me and said, \uc0{\u8221}You enter the university through the front door and exit through the back door.\uc0{\u8221} Again I did not answer. I took the university entrance exam and won the Department of Veterinary Health and Laboratory and graduated. Now I\uc0{\u8217}m completing my Bachelor of Business Administration, I only have one class left and I will be teaching it in the spring. In summary, the best response to someone is what you do with practice.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now I am an adult woman and I can travel to many cities of the country I live in alone and I enjoy it very much. But I believe that God is protecting me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day I experienced a danger. Every morning on my way to work, I was verbally abused by a vagrant. One evening she went even further and attempted rape. I was coming home from work in the evening, he came across me on the way, he wanted to say something, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t listen, I immediately entered the apartment, he came after me, closed my mouth and laid me on the ground. I screamed for help and the neighbors came to the door and that bum fled. Then the police car came as if we had complained. They said let\uc0{\u8217}s take you to the police station, I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to go alone, I said someone should come with me. They told me: You must come alone. When I looked inside the police car, I knew someone was hiding and was going to kidnap me. I did not go with them. My mom asked what happened, I never said it was true, I said they are looking for criminals. I did not tell about the danger I experienced because my mother had chronic diseases, I did not want to upset her. This life contains many dangers. You can find the right path by acting with reason or trusting your instincts. What we need to do is increase our awareness. Always follow your wishes. This is the meaning of life.}}\par
\sect
}