{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy07\hr17\min40\sec24}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy07\hr17\min40\sec24}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 The American Dream. Three bedroom brick home on a corner lot with plush green grass and flower beds full of fresh purple petunias and caladiums. We were the Beaver Cleavers of the neighborhood, husband, wife, and three great children. Husband and wife both held professional jobs in law enforcement; all three children went to the same elementary, middle, and high school, excelled at wrestling, cheerleading, and softball. After sports practice and work, we all gathered around the table for dinner to discuss everyone's day. Then we\uc0{\u8217}d kick off our shoes, put up our feet, and relax while doing homework or watching an episode of Counting Cars until the time came to shower and prepare for bed.Both my husband and I come from broken homes, which is why we strived for stability in our own family. Rarely would you see my husband or me without our children. On Sundays after church service we packed picnics and took our horses to the Highlands Hammock State Park to ride the eleven mile trail. We enjoyed the green canopies of the old oak trees, stopping to listen to the birds talk to us. The sugar sand was so thick in some spots that the horses had to be reigned in to keep them from running. The shallow creeks were a perfect place to stop and let the horses drink while we looked for unique stones to take home for the fish tank.Somewhere along the way the glass holding in this family portrait began to crack. My husband and I began to argue about paying bills. When I did not have enough money after paying the bills to buy more chrome accessories for his beloved Suzuki M109 sport bike, decked out with chrome and 756 three strobe pattern LED lights, he stormed out of the house sulking and not speaking to me for days. The kids\uc0{\u8217} sports were not cheap. Our youngest needed a softball glove and bats that were well over $500 and our middle child had to keep up with her fashionista friends, their name brand clothes and shoes costing a small fortune. At age 15 each child received a new vehicle just like their friends. We took a ski trip every year to North Carolina at Beech Mountain and stayed in a quaint inn. While driving up the mountain, flurries the size of quarters covered everything in sight. The trees rose up on either side of the road. My husband grew up in sunny south Florida and never had the opportunity to see snow; I wanted my children to have these amazing memories to share. All their friends were vacationing too.The first time I took a couple of checks and walked to the ATM downtown, I was shaking like a leaf and looking over my shoulder thinking this is very wrong. I canceled the transaction, walked around the block and returned to the bank. This time I went through with it. For a week I waited for the bank to call and say that a check made out to the police department was deposited in a personal account; that never happened.I collected over half a million dollars from code enforcement fines and liens. My thoughts were that no one would miss the money because they didn't know how much was collected. I falsified documents to cover my tracks. This went on for eight long years. I remember thinking it was justified, after a couple of years without a raise I felt like I had earned this money. I also wanted my children and husband to have everything they wanted and it made me happy not to have to tell them no. I constantly looked over my shoulder thinking my coworker's were coming to arrest me. Every time my husband turned a page of the newspaper my breath caught, wondering if there'd be some article about mysterious theft of police department funds. I watched my kids in their new uniforms for wrestling, cheerleading, and softball, and pretended it was how it should be.Then it happened. One afternoon at work, while I was at my desk typing a memo for the city skate part, I looked out my office window and saw the City Administrator and the CFO walk into the police department along with two detectives from the sheriff's office. I slipped out the back to avoid the confrontation.I knew the Sheriff\uc0{\u8217}s Office had an airtight case because my bank account was frozen; they knew without a doubt what I had been doing. I called a family meeting. Two phone calls later my son and his wife were on their way from Orlando and my oldest daughter and her boyfriend headed down from Jacksonville. Our youngest and her one year old son lived with us. We all met at my father-in-law's house. His living room never felt so small.I paced in front of what felt like a firing squad. On the gray sectional sat my precious family, whom I scanned from left to right. I was the only one standing, the one with the secret. Through blurry eyes, I began to lay out all I had done from stealing money, to depositing it and transferring from one joint account to another. They asked, "Do you have a gambling or drug addiction?"." No.""Then what could you have been doing that you needed to take the money?"Shoulder shrug. They never expected the answer I gave. "I stole the money so I could buy everything you wanted, I never wanted to tell you no, I never thought I would get caught, I wanted you to love me."Nine sets of astonished eyes stared back at me.Every day after that, I wondered if it was the day the cops would show up to take me. Once I knew there was a warrant I called my oldest daughter, and she screamed, "No, no, no, mommy please don't leave me." I wept and begged her to forgive me. My youngest was 18 at the time, and she cried, too. She had no idea how to raise her son without me. We spent days clutched in each other's arms not wanting to lose the connection.On April 15, 2016, a deputy pulled up to our home, knocked on the door, and said, "It's time to go.""No, I am not ready.""You have 30 minutes to say goodbye then we have to go."I held my one-year-old grandson wanting to remember the feel of his soft cheek on mine, his chubby fingers in my hair, the smell of his hair, and the round brown doe eyes that looked at me with love. I walked into the master bedroom and took off my wedding rings for the first time in 23 years, placing them on my husband's necklace so he could keep me next to his heart."Time's up Mrs. Hick's."One final embrace and kiss from my husband. He promised to be waiting for me when I got home.Tearfully I walked out of my front door for what would be the last time. In the patrol car I was adorned with a set of Tiffany bracelets, as we have always called them. Stuffed and cuffed. Looking through the tiny holes of the steel cage at the dash cam and computer that had my image on the screen with "warrant served" check marked, I realized just how close the cage was to my knees. The hard plastic molded seat was a far cry from the cushy one behind the steering wheel. The ride to the jail was six miles. I looked around at the buildings and choppy lake knowing I would not see them for a long time.This was the first time in nearly twenty five years that I was separated from my family. The kids visited me at the county jail. Through a vizo screen and a receiver, I stared at them trying to memorize their beautiful faces for the lonely nights I laid in my bunk missing their sweet hugs and kisses.Eighteen months later, I walked into the courtroom shackled and handcuffed to hear my fate. The judge ordered me to twelve years in the Florida State Prison System. How would I, a cop, be able to survive in a place where I have sent criminals to rot their life away? How would I be able to turn my eyes away from the things I have been trained to see?On August 30, 2017 at 8:34 AM, the transport van pulled up to the Florida Women's Reception Center. I stepped out of the van with no clue how I would be able to make the next eight years in general population without anybody recognizing me and pointing me out for my occupation. I had heard stories of cops being beaten in prison by inmates and officers. I wanted to beg to be put in a safe place. I figured if I just kept quiet no one would find out. When new inmates were brought in, I scanned their faces to see if I recognized any of them. I was terrified every time an officer asked "What did you do prior to coming to prison?" as they stared at the big red square on the computer screen. They already know since the big red square is an indicator for former law enforcement; they wanted to humiliate me further for my mistake. I would answer vaguely that I worked for a police department.The strangling began the first day, when I traded my Kevlar vest and uniform for a midnight blue dress. I sat on a cold metal bench in a cage after a freezing delouse shower where I got a nickel sized drop of shampoo for my whole body and horse-tail thick hair that hits my waist. Did I mention no conditioner or brush for said hair? They gave me a threadbare used towel from the shelf to dry off with. The next thing I hear is "You better not be leaving water on my floor." I already had a puddle of water around my backside from my hair since they took the towel from me after my shower. I tucked my chilly hair in the midnight blue dress and lifted my butt and sat on the puddle, praying the water would not hit the floor. The dress was the first thing they gave me after my shower, and I had to use it to sleep in every night. The dress was the exact color as my uniform of thirteen years as a cop.My husband was so embarrassed that he threw me away after two short years. He only visited me in county jail where we had a vizo screen, never in prison where we would be face to face. He never answered his phone once I left county jail and went to prison. On August 3, 2019, an officer woke me and told me I had a visit. I was disoriented as I was sound asleep and not expecting a visit. I got up, showered, dressed, and went to the officers\uc0{\u8217} station to get my pass. I am not sure how, but I knew what was waiting for me. My heart dropped into my stomach and twin rivers appeared on my cheeks. My insides quivered like an earthquake. I sat under the gazebo waiting for the captain who had to escort me to the control room. I was so sad, my entire being rejected the steps I had to take to reach my destination. A loud click of the door and at 9:03 am I was face to face with divorce papers. I expected to be served by a bald man on a motorcycle, who would pull up and hand me an envelope and say "you've been served," like on TV. But this was an older woman wearing a brown and blue flannel shirt with dirty baggy jeans, a raspy voice yelling at me for making her wait nearly an hour, as if I had control over that. All I could see through my tears were her dirty blunt fingernails pointing to the line she wanted me to sign, I guess I pulled her away from gardening that morning. Twenty seven years meant nothing.With seven years ahead of me, I nearly lost my will to live. I found it difficult to eat, sleep, work, exist. With help from my bunkie, I snapped out of it and began my new journey, a two year battle in divorce court. I prevailed and was awarded my 50% share of everything.It was the American Dream until it wasn't.Sometimes, I still think somewhere out there is a beautiful house with a white picket fence and a husband waiting for me to spend the rest of my life with. But then I look around me and see a woman who has a great family yet got caught up in drugs and spiraled out of control; another woman was so desperate for her boyfriend to love her that she did the unspeakable and took the life of her new born baby for him; yet another had a couple of drinks and got behind the wheel taking the life of another. By the big oak tree over there is a lady who has been married for twenty years, has three grown children going on with their lives while she is here for battery on someone who tried to break into her home. Our American dreams must get tangled in each other as we sleep.}\par
\sect
}