{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy24\hr09\min18\sec21}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy24\hr09\min18\sec21}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I went up the stairs, I looked out from the balcony window of our house, today the weather was cloudy and cold, it started to rain, according to my mother, when it rains, Nene Hawa wash herself , Nene Hawa lives in the sky and she wash herself on rainy days of the winter. When I was little, I used to ask my mother why,\uc0{\u160} Nene Hawa consumes so much water. My mother laughed and said that she is much bigger than we imagine, so she uses a lot of water when bathing. It was eight o\uc0{\u8217}clock in the morning and it was time to go to the circus. It has been almost a year and a half since I went to the circus.I like the cold rainy weather very much and I enjoy being under the rain. Today, like the previous days, I walk from home to the circus. In the winter of delicious lettuces, I walked through the fields and walked towards the circus, even though my shoes were getting muddy, I still wanted to walk through the field. My feet became heavy from the mud.\uc0{\u160} Walking inside the farm with black lips, wet clothes and red face from the cold, I said to myself, \uc0{\u8221}everyone may say she is crazy.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160} I reached the asphalt road and boulevards.\uc0{\u160} It turned Sufi Abad road and finally, I reached the circus. I took shelter under one of the circus containers to warm myself up a little.\uc0{\u160} I sat in front of the circus training hall, I was waiting for my friend, Khatere, as soon as I thought about her, she came and sat next to me, as always, Khatere had sky blue eyes, white skin, and golden hair,in my opinion, the she was very beautiful and lovely. We usually told each other stories that were interesting and scary. She said that one night when I was returning to my room late from work, when I reached my room, the sound of circles and drops and the sound of music was coming from inside my room. I was very scared and slowly took a few steps towards my room.\uc0{\u160} I opened the door of the room and saw that there was no sound. Once I saw that khatere was pale from fear and she was breathing. I said that it is true that this is a true story, but you should not be afraid and be strong. During training, because I was hearing this story for the second time, I was pretending to be strong, I took a few steps towards the training hall, I saw that khatere suddenly fell on the floor, I went to the floor and called all the girls, when khatere came to her senses, she was whispering this word with herself \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8221} Narges save me, I feel someone is squeezing my throat, I remembered from a few days ago that khatere told me that I see strange people at home and outside that others can never see.\uc0{\u160} I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t seen it. The girls used to say that the khatere was haunted. I used to not believe if someone was haunted by a ghost, but now I believe it.}}\par
\sect
}