{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo09\dy11\hr17\min28\sec52}{\revtim \yr2022\mo09\dy11\hr17\min28\sec52}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b KIDS OF MORIA }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 An imaginary dialogue by Karima Qias}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b DAY 1}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I do almost every day, I call my cousin Kamilia. She is like my best friend.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Hi Kami! How are you doing? }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Hi Karima! Thank God, everything\uc0{\u8217}s fine! And you, how are you? Where are you guys?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} We just arrived in Greece, on the island of Lesbos. The place is pretty but the camp where we were sent is really horrible!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} O my God! But why? What is it like over there?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} In fact, we are far from the main city, in the middle of a forest. It looks more like a prison than a camp for refugees supposed to welcome families. It\uc0{\u8217}s dirty and it looks like the worst places I\uc0{\u8217}ve seen in Afghanistan. I can hardly believe that we are in Europe!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Are you sure you are in Greece?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Yes, of course! Last night, when we set sail in a dinghy, the Greek coastguards had to intervene to save us and then they took us to the island of Lesbos. First they took care of the children and then the women. Then they took everyone to a camp, just for the first night.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This morning, when I woke up and I saw the huge blue sea from the top of the hill, I was both amazed and terrified. Amazed by so much beauty and frightened by the memory of crossing the Mediterranean Sea!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} What an idea to take so many risks! Imagine that your canoe has sunk in the middle of the sea and in the middle of the night\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} You know, when we were on the beach, we thought it was just another river to cross and we had seen others! When I see the camp where we are now, I think maybe we should have stayed in Iran or Turkey\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Thank God that nothing serious has happened! Especially as you had the children with you! How long do you think you will stay in this camp?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} As little as possible, I hope. It\uc0{\u8217}s a really scary place!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This morning, the bus that took us from the temporary camp to this camp called Moria, dropped us in front of a high wall surrounded by a fence. When we entered the camp, people stared at us with a blank, soulless look, as if we were aliens with strange shapes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} That\uc0{\u8217}s a bit normal, isn\uc0{\u8217}t it? You\uc0{\u8217}d just arrived and they were wondering where you\uc0{\u8217}d come from.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Yes, I suppose so. You know, I think I\uc0{\u8217}ll be able to put up with this camp for a while, but when I think about the children who live here, I feel very sorry for them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} I understand, but the children came with their families: they are not alone!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} They are not alone, of course! We too have Husna and Daniel and we take care of them. But this is not a normal situation and we are the ones who put them in it! It\uc0{\u8217}s us, the adults, who decided to leave. They had nothing to do with it. They didn\uc0{\u8217}t choose to put themselves in danger! We are the ones who are playing with their lives in a way.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} But it is also to offer them a better future that you decided to leave Iran, isn\uc0{\u8217}t it? Don\uc0{\u8217}t forget that!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} I haven\uc0{\u8217}t forgotten but I think we should have thought twice!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b DAY 2}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the afternoon, exchange of text messages}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Hello Kami ! Today the internet connection is very weak. Impossible to call you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry. We\uc0{\u8217}ll try tomorrow!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} It would have been good to hear from you. See you tomorrow!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b DAY 3}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Not far from our tent, there is a raised area where you can get a better internet connection. People are used to gather there. I went there too and managed to call Kami.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Hello!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Hi Karima! How are you doing?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} I\uc0{\u8217}m ok\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Are you sure ? It doesn\uc0{\u8217}t sound like you\uc0{\u8217}re ok ?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} No, I\uc0{\u8217}m fine, don\uc0{\u8217}t worry!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Do you know a little more? How long will you have to stay in Moria?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Kami, there are people who have been here for two years, sometimes more, and who have no idea what will happen to them. It\uc0{\u8217}s total uncertainty! For us too\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Really!? But what are you going to do?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} I don\uc0{\u8217}t know. I have to think about it\uc0{\u8230} It\uc0{\u8217}s really horrible here. Near our tent there are lots of containers that have been converted into accommodation. The toilets in the camp are so far away that there are lots of people who come to relieve themselves right next door.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Really!? But it\uc0{\u8217}s disgusting!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Oh, you know, there are all sorts of smells floating around! Toilets, rubbish, \uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Can\uc0{\u8217}t you put your tent somewhere else?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} We tried, but the camp officials didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to. There are tents being added every day and almost no more space. The camp is saturated. Luckily we can go for a walk outside. It gives you a bit of fresh air.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b DAY 4}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Hello, Kami!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} How are you, my darling? What\uc0{\u8217}s new ?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Nothing new.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} I\uc0{\u8217}ve been looking forward to your call. What a noise around you!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Yes, it\uc0{\u8217}s the children of the camp who play together.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} There seems to be a lot of them. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} If you could see them, a real fireworks display! They come in all sizes and colours!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Ahaha! But what game are they playing?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} I don\uc0{\u8217}t know. At least they seem to know what they\uc0{\u8217}re doing.Here, it seems like the children are living in another world.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} But how do they understand each other?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} They each speak their own language and when that\uc0{\u8217}s not enough, they make gestures, grimaces, movements. And it works !}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} It\uc0{\u8217}s funny!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Kami, do you know what they\uc0{\u8217}re doing now?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} No. What ?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} They retrieved the plastic crates in which the fruit is brought and, with a rope, one in the crate and another that pulls, they hurtle down the hill at full speed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} It\uc0{\u8217}s nice!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Otherwise they also collect plastic bottle caps. I don\uc0{\u8217}t understand the rules but they exchange them according to the colours. I often hear them talking, arguing and then laughing. Apparently they like this game a lot!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} You have to believe that living in difficult conditions makes you inventive.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} \uc0{\u8221}Put a man in a cage and he will learn to fly!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b DAY 5}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Hello? Karima?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} \uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Karima, can you hear me?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Yes, I can hear you\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Is the connection bad? What\uc0{\u8217}s going on?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} No, the connection is good. I can hear you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Why aren\uc0{\u8217}t you saying anything?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} I\uc0{\u8217}m not feeling very well today.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} What\uc0{\u8217}s going on? Are you sick?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} No, I\uc0{\u8217}m not feeling well and I\uc0{\u8217}m tired. It rained all night. Our tent is on a slope and the water runs underneath as if we were sleeping in the middle of a river!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Today, I wanted to get out of the camp to take my mind off it, but it\uc0{\u8217}s grey and damp and it makes me feel blue.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Even if the weather is bad, don\uc0{\u8217}t stay in the camp! You have to go to town, if only to see a normal place, normal people, houses, shops\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} You\uc0{\u8217}re right. But right now I think I just need to sleep. I\uc0{\u8217}m going to take advantage of the lull to take a nap. Let us call each other later, Kami?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Ok! Get some rest! See you later, my dear!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b DAY 6}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Text from Karima to Kami }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Today it rains even more than yesterday. I can\uc0{\u8217}t go out to call you and anyway there is no network. I\uc0{\u8217}ll send you another text message when the connection is restored.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b DAY 7}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Kami?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Yes!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Do you know what happened last night?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} No, what happened?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} We had just gone to bed around 11pm when all of a sudden we heard shouting and movement.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Were you attacked?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} No. In fact, it was the families in the neighbouring tents who started insulting each other and throwing stones at each other. In the end, they even threw knives ! We were so afraid that the children would be hurt that we put Husna and Daniel in the middle of the tent and sat around them to protect them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} But it\uc0{\u8217}s horrible! You have to be very careful!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} We\uc0{\u8217}re always on our guard. It\uc0{\u8217}s frighteningly stressful living here! There is no place where you feel safe and the children feel it very strongly. Sometimes I fear for their mental health.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Do you think at this age they can have this kind of problem?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Of course! Here every day is the same. For them as for us there is no perspective: neither school nor fun. As asylum seekers, we can only wait! When you think about all this procedure, it puts pressure on us. And this pressure, the children too have to live with it. Worse, they grow up with it!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} I know it\uc0{\u8217}s very hard, but when you left you knew you were going to have to go through places like that, didn\uc0{\u8217}t you?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Yes, but the smuggler told us that we would only stay here for a month and then we could choose another country. All the people I spoke with have been here much longer than a month !!! They told me that in order to leave Lesbos you needed permission from the Greek government and that it was only possible by boat or plane.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b DAY 8}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Text from Karima to Kami }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kami, get connected quickly! I need to talk to you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Hello, Karima. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Kami!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} What\uc0{\u8217}s up?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} This morning, Leyli and Shahla went to the place where they distribute food, clothes and nappies. When they asked for food for the children, do you know what happened?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Tell me!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} They refused to give them meals for Husna and Daniel on the pretext that the children from Syria had priority over the others. Shahla and Leyli came back in tears.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} What does this mean? They grant food according to nationality now? What kind of stupid rules are these!? They\uc0{\u8217}re children, for God\uc0{\u8217}s sake!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} It\uc0{\u8217}s unbelievable, Kami! }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Karima, are you sure you\uc0{\u8217}re in Europe? What about the famous \uc0{\u8221}Human Rights\uc0{\u8221}, what do they do with them?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} This is absurd! Every day brings a new disappointment\uc0{\u8230} I\uc0{\u8217}m so angry, Kami!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} It makes me nauseous to hear that\uc0{\u8230} Is there something I can do to help you?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Unfortunately nothing. Except talk to me and listen to me. Without that, I don\uc0{\u8217}t think I\uc0{\u8217}ll be able to hold out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b DAY 9}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Text from Karima to Kami }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hi Kami! I hope you are well. This morning I don\uc0{\u8217}t dare to stay outside too long. There was a big fight at the water tank. even old people, women and children were injured. And it seems that it\uc0{\u8217}s not over yet! I will try to call you later. Kisses}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b DAY 10}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Text from Karima to Kami }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Did you get my former message ? The internet is still shitty! And conditions are getting worse every day. It doesn\uc0{\u8217}t stop raining and there is mud everywhere. It\uc0{\u8217}s even difficult to move around the camp. It\uc0{\u8217}s cold and we have nothing to keep ourselves warm. Every day there is a new fight. I can\uc0{\u8217}t stand these conditions any more. I hope you get this message.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b DAY 11}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Text from Kami to Karima}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I haven\uc0{\u8217}t heard from you in 3 days! What\uc0{\u8217}s going on? I\uc0{\u8217}m afraid something has happened. At least try to send me a text message if you can!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b DAY 12}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Hello! Karima, at last! I\uc0{\u8217}ve been worried to death these last few days!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Hi Kami! It\uc0{\u8217}s good to hear your voice. It seems that you didn\uc0{\u8217}t receive my last texts.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} No, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t. What\uc0{\u8217}s up? How are you holding up?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} It\uc0{\u8217}s not possible to live like this anymore! People here are going crazy!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} What are your plans ?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} We spoke to one of the camp translators who advised us to organise a demonstration to draw the attention of the authorities to the living conditions in Moria. According to him, this is the only way to make things happen. There is such a lack of means and such injustice that it is downright mistreatment!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Are you sure it can work and that it won\uc0{\u8217}t backfire?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} I think it\uc0{\u8217}s the only way, Kami. We can\uc0{\u8217}t just sit here and watch things go downhill.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} You\uc0{\u8217}re right.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} We\uc0{\u8217}ve called a meeting tonight to set things up.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} I hope it works!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} I\uc0{\u8217}ll tell you that tomorrow, Kami. I miss you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} See you tomorrow!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b DAY 13}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Hello, Karima! How are you ? How did it go last night ?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} We had two meetings in a row. Most people agree with us and they are ready to demonstrate. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} When?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Tomorrow.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Aren\uc0{\u8217}t you afraid?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Yes, but it can\uc0{\u8217}t be worse than continuing to endure this horrible place in silence!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Don\uc0{\u8217}t you want to take more time to organise things better?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Kami, it\uc0{\u8217}s been raining for days! We saw the weather forecast for tomorrow: it won\uc0{\u8217}t rain! Here is at least something that won\uc0{\u8217}t fall on our heads! }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Ahaha. I see you\uc0{\u8217}re back in good spirits.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Yes! It\uc0{\u8217}s tomorrow or never! We have to take advantage of the sunny weather to get as many people out as possible. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} That\uc0{\u8217}s right! Anyway, you have nothing left to lose.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} If I can, I\uc0{\u8217}ll call you tomorrow.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} See you tomorrow, Karima! And good luck!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b DAY 14}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Hello Kami!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Karima !}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Here we are, we\uc0{\u8217}re ready!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Have you started the demonstration?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} We are ready to leave the camp to go to town. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Is it raining?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} No, it\uc0{\u8217}s not ! The sky is still cloudy but the sun should break through soon.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Great!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} I hope this is the last time I call you from Moria, Kami! Anyway, we won\uc0{\u8217}t let go! We\uc0{\u8217}ll go on hunger strike in front of the town hall of Lesbos if we have to!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Be very careful and kiss the whole family for me!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} See you soon Kami ! Next time I\uc0{\u8217}ll call you, I hope it will be from Athens.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Inch Allah! Good luck, Karima!}}\par
\sect
}