{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr12\min49\sec31}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr12\min49\sec31}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Too many smocks in his bedroom, they were suffocated. He thought the thatch roof of their house was set on fire. He woke up immediately to check whether his brothers and parents were still alive. When he stepped out to find out what was going on, he found his mother preparing porridge for the kids to break the fast as the new academic year was to start on this same day. he struggled to breath! His mom laughed and said, \uc0{\u8221} never mind son, we must get used to the smoke because plastics are going to be our charcoal these days. you know things has challenged, it is difficult to get charcoal nowadays, and if we happen to get it, we find it at a higher price, from five thousand Malawian kwacha to fifteen thousand !\uc0{\u8221}- when did it start?, he asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}you didn\uc0{\u8217}t hear that the Malawian government has taken measure to jail anyone who intend to fabricate charcoal from cutting down trees, did you? \uc0{\u8221}, She was looking for his confirmation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 he responded,\uc0{\u8221} No, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She grabbed more beverages, and plastic bags to add to the fire while John was waiting for more explanation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Do you remember the Sudanese boy who used to cut down trees and sell them to make money?\uc0{\u8221}, she questioned him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 -\uc0{\u180}\uc0{\u180}Yeah I see him! ,but he doesn\uc0{\u8217}t show up these days. What happened to him?\uc0{\u180}\uc0{\u180}, John asked his mom.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}He was beaten up and jailed for cutting down the small trees by the graveyard.\uc0{\u8221} She responded.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Suddenly, they saw a big military lorry full of charcoal. His mother said,\uc0{\u8221} you see the police caught charcoal sellers who buy big amount of charcoal to sell to people in the camp.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So, to get charcoal is very expensive nowadays since cooking by using charcoal is discouraged by the government.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As for us we must use these plastics and beverage as long as we don\uc0{\u8217}t spend to get them\uc0{\u8221}, She added.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His siblings and himself were sent to collect more plastics to use for cooking the evening meals.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 it became a duty to move everywhere around the camp collecting plastics, beverages, and mosquito nets for cooking ttheir meals.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But having heard from a friend that there is a young man, Justin who has invented KIGONGA, known as mbabula ya machenga, he left to witness the wonders of KIGONGA as it was praised.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe when he saw charcoal dust producing fire that people could use it for cooking their meal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Add more machenga and see how they will produce more flames!\uc0{\u8221},\uc0{\u160} Justin ordered.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Machenga was added.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 John appreciated Justin\uc0{\u8217}s idea and required to join and work with him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In KIGONGA he saw the salvation of many health in the camp and the environment around them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For it was said that cooking by using plastics is very dangerous in human health. John was too much worried about suffering from lung cancer. It was also said that burning all those materials harms the environment.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} will you get one hundred and fifty thousand malawian kwacha to join our KIGONGA fabricating team?\uc0{\u8221}, John was asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} yes, yes of course! Can I bring it right now?, he demanded?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 John brought the cash and agreement papers were signed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That day he first bought one KIGONGA,he believed it was the end of everyday suffocation in their home and tear drops from their eyes as if there were crying when unbeaten. The machenga was easily found, affordable at eight hundred a full bag, and risk free. \uc0{\u8221}Wow! Where did you get this one from?\uc0{\u8221} Everyone at John\uc0{\u180}s home was amazed to see a charcoal burner which uses charcoal dust. \uc0{\u8211} \uc0{\u180}\uc0{\u180}I bought it from Justin\uc0{\u8217}s shop,\uc0{\u180}\uc0{\u180} John replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 John told them about the agreement he made with\uc0{\u160} Justin\uc0{\u8217}s team. While narrating, he was also picking bags of plastics , and mosquito net away into a pit. The fan on KIGONGA was blowing the average amount of air and everyone at his home liked it. His mother cooked by using Kigonga that day it was a happy evening for every one of them to have KIGONGA!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Along the cooking process, they encountered one problem with the fan on KIGONGA since KIGONGA was using a cassette tape fan which allows charcoal dust to burn easier and quicker than an electric stove. At first when John bought it started to complicate, for at about some minutes of cooking, the fan was losing its fabricated blade\uc0{\u160} made to blow air into the dust charcoal. Because Justin\uc0{\u8217}s team was the ones creating fan\uc0{\u8217}s blades which responsible for air production. Without the blade on the fan, no flame of fire would be produced. They created them from metallic recipients and used tubes from sweets to support it on the fan. -\uc0{\u8221} it was a nice way of keeping our environment safe, but it gives a headache!\uc0{\u160} why is it that we must fix and re-fix it now and then. \uc0{\u8221}, said the mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 John missed a word to reply. When the morning came, he went to work with the team hoping to come back home with more money in his pocket because he signed a contract of both investor who will be getting a profit share and also employee at the same time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While working, more customers who were coming were coming not to buy but to complain about the function of KIGONGA. All\uc0{\u160} customers who came that day had same complaints. They complained about the fabricated blade of the fan which couldn\uc0{\u8217}t stop to be loosen time after time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When he knocked off from work, there was not even a penny in his pocket. he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t continue thinking about getting money, he first viewed those complaints us a failure in the team ,but also as a new way of finding a solution of the challenge. he started to think how to enhance his new work by looking for an alternative blade which would take the business to the next level.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 he spent day and sleepless nights thinking how to sort out the challenge in their business,but it was not easy. Meanwhile, they had to participate in a certain exhibition in which their bank in dzaleka, my Bucks and other supporting organization would visit them in order to see their works and get supported.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everyone in the team was happy, they knew they will get supported once thier innovative work will be seen by the authorities and that the bank will also grant them a loan just to improve their job. But, John could see the solution otherwise. In fact, he was afraid that the charcoal burner may fail to function for a longtime during the exhibition which will be a barrier in the business.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Thank God they demonstrated their works very well but still with a spot in it. People who saw the charcoal burner was astonished to see the kind of charcoal burner. Many people who never new how the tool works bought them and John and his friends collected a lot of money that day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 he was not happy for he was troubled by lots of thoughts on how to find a solution of the current problem in the business. \uc0{\u8221}John get your food on the table.\uc0{\u8221} his mother told him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She was amazed to discover the size of the food she left for him was still almost the same, When she came back.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She asked, \uc0{\u8221} John are you ok?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8211} yes mom, I am fine!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 John added,\uc0{\u180}\uc0{\u180} there is one challenge in the business that we are undergoing. I am trying to figure out the solution. That is why?\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u180}\uc0{\u180} I think she knew what was bothering John before telling her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She looked at him with pity on her face and without uttering a word she left outside.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Later on, John visited his, repair man, friend. when he was in his house John saw a fan from computer\uc0{\u8217}s PROCESSOR. he picked it up and started to analyze it. It looked as if it can work instead of the cassette tape fan. He begged his friend a permission to take the fan with him at home for some experiment and promised him to start buying them when the experiment will pass positively. The permission was granted him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe his eyes, there was a dust charcoal blazing from the center of the charcoal burner to its four ends.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The charcoal burner operates as if it was gaseous stove for it provided a quicker response. Everyone at John \uc0{\u347} home was in love with the used computer s fan.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 he immediately contacted the team. he told them that he have a solution to the complaints of therir customers. They were all kin to see the experiment which he did rapidly. After the observation, Justin ordered, \uc0{\u8221} bring beer and let\uc0{\u8217}s celebrate!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The entire team was pleased with the revealed solution. While they were drinking and having fun, several customers came with same complaints but they promised to fix all bought KIGONGAs and assured them that the problem won\uc0{\u8217}t take place again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 John and the entire team started to make money after fixing almost all sold KIGONGAs.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Some people from Lilongwe came to interest them with money. They would take the KIGONGA team to exhibition in Lilongwe. They impressed them with small amount of money promising to assist them in the project. They promised to help them to produce charcoal from waste material which will be sufficient to use with KIGONGA, but after explaining to them how KIGONGA works and the secret to choose the suitable computer\uc0{\u8217}s fan, they went and not to be seen again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Later on, John and the team were surprised to find different types of KIGONGA\uc0{\u160} almost every where in Lilongwe produced by those people. John and the team never consumed from the sweat they sweat for.}}\par
\sect
}