{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy11\hr21\min54\sec10}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy11\hr21\min54\sec10}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In Salawu, critics of Justice Manu Ludoko colloquially call him the \uc0{\u8216}Kim Jong UN Judge\uc0{\u8217} a moniker for his alleged fondness for the North Korean dictator}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On Wednesday, Ludoko, and the president of the Western Salawu High Court became the first judge in democratic Salawu to be impeached.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s the first of its kind,\uc0{\u8221} Shylet Nywe, Ludoko\uc0{\u8217}s lawyer, told The Morning Brew Cartoons News in Salawu.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Mambure Ivy League-educated Ludoko, a highly divisive figure, is also very intellectually accomplished.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He is the first Native judge of the Western Ludoko High Court and was a one-time shoo-in to become Salawu\uc0{\u8217}s chief justice.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Justice Ludoko is (a) the most qualified judge. \uc0{\u160}Talking (of) competency, the division that he has been running, which is the Western Ludoko High Court, is the best performing in the country,\uc0{\u8221} claimed Nywe.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Like the mercurial Kim Jong UN \uc0{\u8211} Ludoko has been under probe for a decade and a half on dozens of serious allegations \uc0{\u8211} until this week\uc0{\u8217}s sack.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They range from allegedly soliciting Supreme Court judges to rule in favor of Tom Tom in a weapons deal corruption trial, assaulting fellow judges, moonlighting on corporate boards whilst being a High Court Judge, and trying to rig judges\uc0{\u8217} appointments.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On off-duty occasions, Ludoko has spoken warmly of the \uc0{\u8216}Radical Economic Transformation\uc0{\u8217} land expropriation without compensation agenda championed by the Land Grabbers Party of Salawu.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Why can\uc0{\u8217}t we talk about land at least three times a day? When (you) are having breakfast with your children, tell them this land was stolen and there is the thief,\uc0{\u8221} he said referencing White citizens of Salawu in a controversial luncheon with The Native Lawyers Association in 2022.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Over two decades, Ludoko deployed Kim Jong UN\uc0{\u8217}s famous \uc0{\u8216}Stalingrad\uc0{\u8217} tactics \uc0{\u8211} essentially launching intricate lawsuits and court petitions \uc0{\u8211} to drag the process of impeaching him for so long.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}(Parliament) has (recommended) the removal from judicial office of Judge Ludoko,\uc0{\u8221} Renauld Cha cha cha, the spokesperson for Salawu\uc0{\u8217}s parliament said yesterday in a note sent to citizens.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Cha cha cha added that Ludoko is guilty of: \uc0{\u8216}attempting to influence two Justices of the Constitutional Court to violate their oaths of office. This related to a case dating back to 2008 when Judge President Ludoko was accused of attempting to influence the court\uc0{\u8217}s judgment in the App/Android matters\uc0{\u8217}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 305 members, mostly from the governing Hima party and the opposition WR, voted for the removal of Ludoko. 27 led by the Land Grabbers Party, opposed. The removal of Ludoko \uc0{\u8216}will now be communicated to the President of the Salawu Republic\uc0{\u8217}, Cha cha cha added.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 App was a Kwingo subsidiary of Benzi, the Shoko Corp multinational. In 1999, the Hima Party government signed a $5bn contract to procure jet fighters, submarines, and other armaments. App and Android were one of the bidders and it allegedly paid a Hima fixer a $6 million bribe meant for the Salawu president\uc0{\u8217}s ultimate benefit. Prosecutors later slapped Salawu\uc0{\u8217}s with corruption charges which he denies.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This is the scandal that got Justice Ludoko\uc0{\u8217}s name and reputation ensnared because he was and is a close friend of Tom Tom, the Salawu ex-president.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The removal of Justice Ludoko is illegal, and a political plot,\uc0{\u8221} his lawyer, told citizens of Salawu.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ludoko has been removed because he has come out in favor of indigenous laws and the \uc0{\u8216}radical economic transformation\uc0{\u8217} rights of Native Salawu citizens, he added.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Look at who voted,\uc0{\u8221} he said about the cross-party unity between Hima Party and \uc0{\u8217}puppet\uc0{\u8217} lawmakers that ultimately sealed the judge\uc0{\u8217}s fate.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The President Alrod faction of the ruling Hima Party and the liberal White-nationalist opposition parties are allying to purge the judiciary of figures sympathetic to the expropriation of land. \uc0{\u8220}Maybe they are preparing for a coalition government one day,\uc0{\u8221} Judge Ludoko\uc0{\u8217}s lawyer said mockingly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ema Zunga, a lawmaker who opposed the impeachment agreed and told Salawu citizens that \uc0{\u8216}Judge Ludoko\uc0{\u8217}s advocacy against judicial racism made him a marked man\uc0{\u8217}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The president of Salawu is focusing on impeaching key (left) figures like Justice Ludoko,\uc0{\u8221} he added. Request for responses sent to Fik Mba, the spokesperson of Salawu\uc0{\u8217}s president were ignored because he was said to be celebrating his third marriage in two years.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The beleaguered Ludoko vows to fight to take the fight to Salawu\uc0{\u8217}s constitutional court, his lawyer added.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ludoko\uc0{\u8217}s impeachment is a \uc0{\u8216}historic moment\uc0{\u8217} for Salawu Republic, Shit Shito, a white anti-native lawmaker, said in a statement handed out to the citizens bureau after the impeachment.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 More than 15 years later, the anti-Natives position that Ludoko lacks the integrity to be a judge, has been proved right, she added.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We remain concerned that the process to remove Ludoko took over 15 years after the 2008 misconduct complaint was lodged,\uc0{\u8221} she added.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The legacy of Ludoko\uc0{\u8217}s removal will add to growing concerns about Salawu\uc0{\u8217}s courts. In November \uc0{\u8211} Ar Areka News\uc0{\u8211} highlighted \uc0{\u8216}fishy\uc0{\u8217} bureaucratic errors in the Supreme Court, inappropriately \uc0{\u8216}changed\uc0{\u8217} verdicts, and memos of judges some senior judges ordering hits on the lives of their colleagues.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}32% of Salawu citizens say most if not all, magistrates and judges are corrupt and accept bribes, according to a 2021 report by Judges are Boring researchers, which cites an earlier study conducted by Trump & Bannon Associates,\uc0{\u8221} revealed no one.}}\par
\sect
}