{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy16\hr11\min07\sec30}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy16\hr11\min07\sec30}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Living in Dzaleka refugee camp was a great opportunity to see white people. Many }{\cf0\f0\i Bazungu }{\cf0\f0 whom you call white people were visiting the camp more often. Their visit meant new opportunities for us as refugees. They were bringing new activities like games competitions and sharing necessities like foods, learning materials and farm tools for those who were farmers. Besides coming to witness our living standards others were just coming to make adventures inside the camp. The great commonality among all of them was that they were not passing without helping us financially or materially.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Most of the white people were seen during the Tumaini festival the only festival which was happening only in the camp. Tumaini meant a lot to us as refugees. Beside playing its mission of bringing hope through entertainment, it was also a great unseen public holiday for all the refugees; no school and field work during the three-day festival time. Over that, it was a great opportunity to know new friends and people.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Eating wasn\uc0{\u8217}t a thing which could simply pass like that, I and my friends were kings of food. And you may ask where we were finding the food. That\uc0{\u8217}s simple, whenever white people came, they were making workshops and sessions which were not ending without softening the throat. This even went far to an extent that they were giving money too when you were lucky. Despite the fact that people eat to live we were living to eat.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Let\uc0{\u8217}s go! We are late\uc0{\u8221} I alarmed m friends while leading the way to one of the well-known halls called the wellness center near the Jesuit\uc0{\u8217}s residents. \uc0{\u8221}By the way. Where are we going.\uc0{\u8221} Gilbert asked. On a positive note, Gilbert was a friend who didn\uc0{\u8217}t like the fact that we were moving up and down for the sake of food but still more understood us by never leaving us behind. He could sometimes leave some of his food and give us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s there\uc0{\u8221} I pointed. \uc0{\u8221}What\uc0{\u8217}s the pass words?\uc0{\u8221} He asked again. Anyway no one answered. I simply remained quite watching the young single men entering. In fact, it was a session of single men and we were just teenagers. Still this fact had not to stop us as previously we had been able to even intruded into some women, girls and even married men workshops too and helped them chopping their refreshments.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} let\uc0{\u8217}s go and enter! the guard seems to move a little bit.\uc0{\u8221} We then run straight into the hall and saw many eyes staring in front where a white lady was facilitating. \uc0{\u8221}Chase those boys!\uc0{\u8221} A serious man from the back with lots of beards rebuked us with his scary voice. \uc0{\u8221}We are caught let\uc0{\u8217}s move out before they throw us by force\uc0{\u8221} Gadson whispered silently.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Are you single?\uc0{\u8221} A young kind man who was helping the }{\cf0\f0\i mzungu }{\cf0\f0 mockingly asked. \uc0{\u8221} Yes, we are alone on the UNHCR form\uc0{\u8221} I answered bravely. Another interesting fact was that, during the time refugees were not given ID\uc0{\u8217}s but rather a form which had all the family members photo and everyone\uc0{\u8217}s details on it. If you were alone on that form without anyone\uc0{\u8217}s details you were called single regardless of the age. So, I lied using that ideology and made the single men burst into laughter. We were then allowed to enter after the }{\cf0\f0\i mzungu }{\cf0\f0 whispered to the translator. I felt being a hero that day to my friends but appreciated the reaction from the white catholic sister who accepted us to join the group of the bearded men.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} What is your name again?\uc0{\u8221} The man with barking words asked the white facilitator making all of the men laugh gently. \uc0{\u8221} I am Anna from Poland and I am a missionary catholic sister\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The man simply nodded his head and faced down. Honestly, I did not see the fact that she was a sister coming but I accepted it quickly. She was not wearing the uniform which catholic sisters are fond of wearing but still more she dressed respectably than all the }{\cf0\f0\i bazungu }{\cf0\f0 we had seen before. She had a very beautiful long shiny rosary on her neck.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Are you having any questions\uc0{\u8221} the sister asked while the translator was trying to translate what I had already understood. There was a total silent. \uc0{\u8221}I will assume we are good to continue.\uc0{\u8221} She then broke the silent and continued her facilitation after all of us nodded our heads. That time I was able to understand English as I was practicing more often with my friends. In fact, that was the only weapon we needed on the eating mission we were in. She was teaching about trauma issues and how to be good listeners when you are listening to a traumatized person. The fun fact was that, everyone including young kids knew the fact that most of us refugees were traumatized. It even became a funny claim when mocking a person who loves speaking and getting angry easily.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Contrary, my eyes were on my wrist watch which helped us to enhance a smooth flow of our mission. It was exactly twelve o\uc0{\u8217}clock when the facilitator assigned us to go and take our lunch in the other room. I had already finished copying the notes in the small book they distributed to everyone. I was the first one to receive and due to slow writing Gilbert and Gadson were far behind the queue. I then took my plate and hide it with the books and joined the queue again. The people didn\uc0{\u8217}t recognize me but sister Anna did but simply smiled. As usual we ate the food together as friends until our stomachs absorbed no more. We then shared the food to one young gentle man who was quite throughout the session. He wholeheartedly thanked us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When we were about to take a French leave, Sister Anna called us. \uc0{\u8221}Today we are lucky. Imagine a Mzungu is calling us.\uc0{\u8221} Gadson whispered. They were excited but not me who was afraid for being seen while receiving twice.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Hello! Young boys\uc0{\u8221} she greeted us. \uc0{\u8221}Hello!\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221} Do you go to school?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221} Yes, we do\uc0{\u8221} Gilbert answered excitedly.\uc0{\u160}She then requested us to follow her into one of the offices near the hall. My friends entered first with their bold smiles living me behind with my frightened face down. The office was full of books well displayed on shelves. We then saw the translator who simply smiled at us and whispered to us in Swahili saying that we are lucky influencing me to feel relieved a little bit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Kind Catholic Sister asked if the translator would be of any use. Any way, we had to stand for ourselves and never put our English teacher Mr. Chimkhonde down. The translator moved out after received a phone call on his big tidy phone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She then greeted us again and asked us our names. \uc0{\u8221}Don\uc0{\u8217}t love eating\uc0{\u8221} We shyly smiled and she continued to tell us that we are still young and intelligent. \uc0{\u8221}You have to concentrate in your studies\uc0{\u8221} She shelled the nut while unwrapping one of her decorated box just behind her table where she had placed her small humble laptop. \uc0{\u8221}Here are some books and pens. I hope they will be of any use to you\uc0{\u8221} She distribute them to us and we received happily as this meant no more borehole adventures. \uc0{\u8221}She then took the three well packed bags just under her table. It was as if she knew that we were coming. \uc0{\u8221}Here are some clothes, you have to be using them and if you find some which are too small or big please share with others too.\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It did not end there; she gave us again some box full of colors and some very delicious chocolates which seemed to had travelled more airports.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She then advised us to be coming to visit her whenever we need a thing before she left for her next mission in a near time to come.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All in all, we were just grateful and we were speechless. She then escorted us outside and my friends were just in front of me as usual. \uc0{\u8221}Toyi! wait\uc0{\u8221} she called. \uc0{\u8221} Take this book it is a diary and I brought it from Poland. I only have one but I hope it will be of great use to you.\uc0{\u8221} She then advised me to write whatever come in my mind.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Honest speaking it was a very beautiful diary and I was taken by it in all the gifts she had given us. We went home and told our parents on such amazing adventure about the falling angel from heaven.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At least, we had enough strong materials to use for the next two school terms. We were going to church with the great clothes and I was writing as many stories as I can in my diary. The only thing we did not do was to come back to her because by the time we decided to she had already left for her missionary endeavors to other new people and friends in needy like us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}