{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy17\hr06\min57\sec50}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy17\hr06\min57\sec50}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Living with my wife, Deborah had been four good years until things got complicated. It all started when she got pregnant, and I asked my 73-year-old mother to move in with us to help out. My wife wasn\uc0{\u8217}t too happy about this arrangement, but she didn\uc0{\u8217}t tell me. Recently, out of the blue, she got really upset and said she didn\uc0{\u8217}t want my mom living with us. This caught me off guard because I thought we were all in this together. When I asked if there was another reason, she said she just wanted her own kitchen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The problem was, our house was already big, and I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have extra space to build a new kitchen to separate them. I asked her for some time to figure things out, but within two days, she packed up and went back to her mother\uc0{\u8217}s house. I was heartbroken. My mom is diabetic and needs constant care. If I leave her alone, it could be really dangerous for her. Now, I\uc0{\u8217}m stuck in a tough spot. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what to do. My wife leaving has left me feeling confused and lost. I want to make things right, but it seems impossible.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wish I could find a way to make my wife understand that my mom\uc0{\u8217}s health is at stake here. I have been trying to think of solutions. Maybe I could talk to my wife and explain the seriousness of the situation. Or perhaps, I could try to find a way to rearrange our house to create a separate space for my mom and a new kitchen for my wife. But it\uc0{\u8217}s not easy. I don\uc0{\u8217}t have much space to work with, and making big changes in our house might not even be possible.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am torn between my loyalty to my wife and my responsibility to take care of my mother. I wish there was a simple solution, but it feels like I\uc0{\u8217}m stuck between a rock and a hard place. I never imagined that a kitchen could become the reason for such a big problem in my life. All I want is for everyone to be happy and for my mom to get the care she needs. I hope I can find a way to fix things and bring my family back together, but right now, I\uc0{\u8217}m just lost and uncertain about what to do next.}}\par
\sect
}