{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy26\hr19\min45\sec46}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy26\hr19\min45\sec46}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When Kizigenza was a teenager, he grew up in an extended family. Life was not easy back then but I he lived his whole life working so hard to see his family grow. He would always make sure to help the parents to bring bread on the table. Kizigenza was the second born in the family of six. Other children never showed interest in helping the parents to bring something on the table. A lot of people could mock Kizigenza for pretending to be the helper yet their parents are still alive. However, he never cared about what other people said and focused on the development of his family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Due to saving money, Kizigenza managed to get a capital for starting a business. Unfortunately, Kizigenza did not open an account but he was giving the money to her mother to keep it for her. When he asked his mother about the money, the mother told him that the money is not available claiming that she gave birth to him and carried him for nine months in her womb. This was a very disappointing moment for him since he trusted his parents so much. He got out ideas after hearing this from his beloved parents.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When he tried to talk to his father about the issue, he told him that parents are not a bank and parents never enter in a debt with children. From the day Kizigenza heard this from his father, he decided to leave and started living on his own. He stopped providing anything to the family and decided to open his own bank account that he would use to keep his money.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kizigenza regretted why he never did this before and why he never listened to the people who used to tell him to not involve himself in the duties of parents. After a period of three years, the account of Kizigenza was shining more than the way it was when he opened it. He had triple the money his mother refused to give back to him. He opened a business whereby he was selling farming equipment. Kizigenza\uc0{\u8217}s business is thriving and he is now planning to open another branch in the capital city, Lilongwe.}}\par
\sect
}