{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy05\hr04\min24\sec02}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy05\hr04\min24\sec02}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 At noon my nephew's phone rang. The tinkling ringtone of his Blackberry caught us as we stared at him in fear, a fear that eclipsed the one outside. He must have forgotten to put the phone on vibrate out of the usual normalcy. He answered the call, buried his voice, and spoke in inaudible tones as he pressed his ear against the small screen of the phone. If he had been hard of hearing, it could be the biggest drama. The call lasted for a minute and he said, \uc0{\u8220}It was Chieng calling. Chieng said we should leave the house as soon as the fighting paused. He said the news they were getting was disturbing and he stopped from that point.\uc0{\u8221} }\par
{\cf0\f0\i The news they were getting was disturbing}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8212}this statement fortified our anxiety. Everyone knew that Chieng, a brother to my nephew\uc0{\u8217}s close friend, worked with the national security service and the information he provided without details was a way of saying that the worst might happen.After digesting the news, I peered through the cracks in the wall, scanning the veranda the soldiers had previously occupied. To my relief, they were gone. I shared this news and a wave of tentative relief washed over us in the room we'd bundled ourselves into during the dawn when the fighting intensified. I thought that was a moment to seize and stood, making my way for the outside toilet. As I reached the doorway, a bullet whizzed...crack, rake tek.... It hit the iron sheet, missed my head, passed over my neck hotly, and flew above my shoulder. I dropped to the ground unharmed, like a bird plunged to the ground by a strong storm. Everyone looked at me, stunned but grateful for my safety. \uc0{\u8220}We have been telling you to remain seated,\uc0{\u8221} my nephew scolded. \uc0{\u8220}Which one is worse, dying by a bullet or urinating inside the house?\uc0{\u8221} I saw the anger in his eyes; the six scars on his forehead stood steadfast in a parallel line, and the lines of tattoos running in hooks across his chin were visible when he sealed his mouth into a perfect fit. In his light brown jalabiya, the long-sleeved robe he usually slipped into after work for the evening-tea conversations, he gave me the same look he had when, a week after I arrived in the capital, he enrolled me in a morning class and, to his disappointment, I later complained about the school's poor teaching, expressing my preference for afternoon sessions at a different school. I crawled back to my bed, lay flat, and prayed, the urge to relieve myself forgotten.My nephew contacted a local businessman who owned a spacious residence south of Jabel Market, and he agreed to accommodate us. We were a big family just on our own: my nephew, a forty-one-year-old, his wife and their three children, my niece with her trio of kids, myself, my uncle, and two cousins. In our culture, we make no distinction between immediate and extended relatives; a cousin from any generation of kinship is as close as a sibling. My nephew, who raised me and offered me education, is my grandfather\uc0{\u8217}s sister\uc0{\u8217}s son; and he is my nephew. Like many African societies, the Nuer community is tightly knit by kinship bonds. Our societal cohesion is rooted in an expansive view of family. For instance, in Nuer traditions, a groom's dowry is collected from the extended family and shared among the bride's kin.As we prepared to leave, we decided to take nothing visible, fearing that possessions would make us targets for ill-tempered soldiers milling around the neighbourhood. We dressed in a hurry. My nephew unzipped his leather bag, removed a stack of South Sudanese pounds, bound it with a thin band, slipped it into his pocket, and we decisively stepped outside, one after the other. My nephew\uc0{\u8217}s wife locked up our home and looped our houses\uc0{\u8217} key to her right wrist, while holding the last-born baby on her hip. We moved outside the compound and headed toward the south edge of the city on dusty roads, crisscrossing different households and speeding up at any open ground that could expose us to danger.At the time we were escaping, our neighborhood took on an eerie unfamiliarity, except for our own home, which seemed to implore us not to leave it behind. Had I known we were leaving permanently, I might have run back to embrace it tightly, bid farewell to my growing library, and gathered up all my documents\uc0{\u8212}my school certificates and identity documents. But everything was left behind, as if we were merely taking a walk. That was how we left our home in the city.We then veered southwest, skirting Khorwilliam towards Jebel Kujur, the city's towering mountain. The usual bustle of Juba was silenced, punctuated only by sporadic gunfire, as residents hunkered down in their homes. Only animals and a few fleeing civilians could be seen scurrying about. We encountered a group of armed soldiers returning from their stronghold in the suburbs to the city center. We regarded them as people marching to their doom. We recognized among them some familiar faces. While we passed them we spoke Nuer greetings to the Nuer men and Arabic to others. As one mass in solidarity, with only a few carrying no arms, they fought the night's and the day\uc0{\u8217}s war. They were outnumbered, defeated and dejected, but they still had the guts to tread toward the conflict. The conflict, apparently a tribal struggle between powerful politicians with their ring leaders from Dinka and Nuer tribes, had interwoven all South Sudanese national soldiers and some civilians, regardless of their ethnic groups. While we made our way past the soldiers distinguished by their tribal marks and physical features, we could see some Shilluk men with dotted brows, Mundari with vertical forehead scars, Bari with distinctive tattoos, Nuer with traditional forehead creases, and Latuka and Zande with their robust gait. Many of them were young men swept into the conflict overnight. Their expressions were pained, their movements weak, yet they continued to march toward battle.}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \qc{{\cf0\f0 *}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 After a panicked walk through the outskirts of the city, we knocked at a huge rectangular iron gate guarding the entrance to a block-built compound. Though we heard snatches of conversation before we knocked, our arrival triggered deep silence inside the compound. Within a moment the gate was unlatched and pushed outward on its small wheel just far enough for a woman in a modest Islamic tunic to lean her head out. She recognized my nephew and invited us all in with a kind smile. We entered a large courtyard. On the right side of the compound was an enormous kitchen teeming with women, many of whom sat on mats apart from two women with bulging bodies and round smooth faces occupying a sofa chair. Beyond the roofed kitchen, at the entrance to the bigger house, which for all its rooms appeared empty, a one-year old child emerged, toddling against the door curtains for support. The women in our company were welcomed to the area near the kitchen, my nephew was taken alone to the empty-looking big house, and we younger men were led through an alleyway of two side-by-side water tanks to a smaller section behind the big house. There we found a smaller house with mud and bamboo walls topped by iron sheets. A group of young men in the room of gaily dyed floor mats welcomed us. The few soft mattresses were occupied, so we sat on the mats.In our room, though we were mostly unknown to each other, we were Nuer young men who had fled from different parts of the city; even though we gathered there to hide, our conversation could not cease. We talked about the night battles, the day's uproar, and how the fighting began. There was a young man who seemed to have first-hand experience. He spoke with the zeal and surety of someone who participated in the confrontation last night and ran for hiding at daybreak. He explained to us that the fighting broke out in the Tiger Division, when the Dinka presidential guard attempted to disarm their fellow Nuer presidential guards. He described how the first bullets were fired in response to the Nuer guards\uc0{\u8217} resistance; he narrated the way the fighting intensified, and told us how a friend called him for help and gave him a gun. It seemed to me unlikely that the Tiger Division would include boh Nuer and Dinka, but I kept quiet. The other young men talked only of hearsay. Our group of four shared our experience of the fight arriving at our close-to-a-military-barracks home, and how some soldiers came to sit on our veranda during the day, and how I was barely missed by the bullet on my way to the outside toilet.Our conversations would have been loud enough to be heard outside the compound, except that the neighboring house provided a barrier to the sound. No one outside could hear us. The women, gathered near the courtyard\uc0{\u8217}s entrance, talked in whispers, not the usual noisy conversation of a coffee party, or shisha talk where their voices went up to the sky. We were now in a time of war, and they knew how to conceal their men; deep inside the compound away from the outside predators.I imagined the big house, where my nephew must be sharing a story with his colleagues, about his small boat, stuck at the harbor with goods destined for Nyawit\uc0{\u8212}one of the Gawaar Community Islands within the Sudd wetland. His boat had been loaded two days before and was meant to leave for our homeland on the day the war began. It was a new boat, on its second voyage since my nephew bought it two months ago. The wildlife-rich Sudd, the largest wetland in Africa and one of the largest tropical wetlands in the world, extends its parcel to our arable, ancestral homeland of Ayod. Flooding the banks of the Nile across the vast swampland of Jonglei, Unity, and Upper Nile State, our part of the Sudd is a source of livelihood for most of the communities living within the swamp and on the shores of the White Nile. It was only recently, after South Sudan's independence, that the old traditional route for ferrying dry fish to the market in Khartoum was reversed by traders who opted to export their fish to Juba, after the souring bilateral relationship between Sudan and South Sudan had cut off Khartoum. Traders from the Sudd, dealing in dry fish, used water transport, like my nephew's boats, to export their fish to Juba, a journey of two days through the upstream turbulence of the Nile water. The boats later returned, laden with goods needed in the Sudd, at a pace of one every month or two.In the evening, our group was presented with a bowl of rice with bean soup, our first food since the first bullet hit the city. A girl stooped down with the bowl of rice in one hand and twenty-four spoons on separate plates stacked on the other, but we still needed two extra spoons. We tried to circle the bowl, but it didn't work. We called for two more bowls and two more spoons and broke into three groups. When the eating began, it didn't last two minutes; the second spoonful I took came up full, and the third one fell on an empty bowl. The young man who had participated in the night's shooting had scooped seven spoonfuls of rice at the same time; his hand moved fast, like a grinding machine carrying a heavy load of corn, grinding it, and coming back for the next. When the food was gone he said with a broad smile, "This eating is war," and we all laughed. Our sleeping arrangements were made, but we were too many for this small house. The big house, in silence, sheltered many high-profile individuals, we were told, but its many rooms could at least take some of us. Ten respectful young men went quietly to join the big house, and sixteen of us slept, squeezing against one another on the mats, barely covered. My hand was my pillow. That was my first night of displacement in the city.}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \qc{{\cf0\f0 *}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 I woke up during the night and the city was rumbling with gunfire, the sound coming from many parts of town. I slept again, and toward daybreak, I had a childhood dream. It was about my mother in our home village, Gorwai. In her morning rituals, she wakes up at the first cock's crow, takes her butter gourd, and starts churning it before she goes to tend our distant sorghum field. The sound of the gourd striking her thigh echoed dimly in my half-sleep like the sibilant drops of rain falling on iron sheets. Those were perhaps the beautiful old days, but there were also rough parts of the dream. In my dream, we woke\uc0{\u8212}me, my mother, and sisters and brothers\uc0{\u8212}to the shooting of guns, and we packed our belongings on our heads and marched for refuge in the thick bushes, only to return in the evening when we were informed that the cattle rustlers had been repelled. Then we went about our business the next day. This violent memory had intruded on my sleep, smuggled in with the memory of my mother and her butter churn. I woke again, and it was five AM.Everything on my first day of displacement was unbecoming. That morning, I brushed my teeth with a twig from a neem tree. I had to wait in line to use the toilet. And water was only available for drinking, not for bathing\uc0{\u8212}at least for us young men. At noon, in what had become our daily ritual of living with no breakfast or lunch (feasting instead on an endless conversation about the raging war), four Nuer men working with National Security Service arrived in two unmarked, white Toyota pickups. Upon their arrival, the great metal door swung open and they parked the cars in the compound, closed the door behind them, and moved from house to house to tell us that the war was turning against the civilians and they would like to move us to other places. They planned to evacuate women on round trips to the UN base in one Toyota pickup while taking the men in the other to a safe, undisclosed location. When they were selecting groups from among the families, our family was chosen to be in the first batch of the first trip. We arranged ourselves into the cars in a rush, with each pickup tightly packed with a dozen people. The first car took the women directly to the UNIMISS base at TongPing next to the Juba Interational Airport, northeast of the city, and the second car drove the men to a place they refused to reveal.After a minute's drive, we turned onto a road heading northeast towards the Jabel Market, empty in the desolate town. The buildings looked abandoned, as if no one had woken up inside them. On the streets, civilians moved fearfully across the single-story section of the city; traffic was sparse, with just a few fast-moving cars and some military pickups carrying soldiers. At the Jebel Market, we spotted a few civilians warily walking with their heads laden with items, walking with children from the red dirty roads of Khorwilliam, the hilly suburb of Juba where, our home, from which we fled yesterday. These groups crossed the main road to the northwest of the city, their destination unknown to us.My nephew and two young men from our family were with us in the second Toyota pickup, a dozen noisy young men sitting in the bare pickup bed, while two security officers sat at the corners of each tailgate. We halted after a three-minute drive from Jebel Market, encountering the first military checkpoint at Joborona, opposite the Giada Girl Primary School and Giada Military Hospital. The heavily armed guards at the checkpoint approached, spoke with the driver and the security personnel in our car, and then let us pass. All around, soldiers stood in groups at the checkpoint, their faces menacing and intimidating.Two minutes further we got off the gravel road onto the smooth tarmac of the Giada-to-University roundabout. The Giada Military Barracks tollgate was swarming with the presidential guards in their tiger-spotted khaki (harmonious with their name\uc0{\u8212}Tiger Division). We stopped at the second barricade. Many of the soldiers, wielding guns, bombarded the driver and secuity personel in our car with questions: Where are you going? And why have you got all of those men in the car? Our faces bowed in misery, too frightened to meet the soldiers' piercing gaze. Their bodies looked gaunt and hungry, as if they had no time for food amidst their duties. The two uniformed men, our protectors, communicated with the armed guards at the roadblock, and soon the barrels were pushed aside to allow our car to pass.The third blockade was at the Juba roundabout. We were held there for ten minutes, longer than at the previous checkpoints. The first pickup that had carried the women was long gone; our car was delayed because it carried only men. The last checkpoint was difficult to pass because it was so near to Hai-Amarat and the route to the ministerial areas, the residences of powerful people, a separate world of its own. What was normally a drive of five minutes took about twenty.Having passed three roadblocks, we came to an impressive military blockade: two military pickup trucks with mounted riffles straddled the baracade with soldiers in them. foot soldiers were also patrolling the premises. This was the residence of a National Security Service official, a revered and untouchable Nuer man. Our Toyota was allowed to pass the brick-built fence topped with electrified razor wire that surrounded the paved compound. Inside sat a big house and a three-floor apartment building, tidy government-built housing.}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \qc{{\cf0\f0 *}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Since the day when the fighting broke out, the compound had been filled to overflowing with many from the Gawaar\uc0{\u8217}s Nuer section. A few minutes after our arrival, the big man arrived with his entourage. His men were in full national security outfits, armed with pistols and fancy, heavy firearms that I had never seen before. Their khaki and boots were new and more beautiful than the clothing of the hungry soldiers on the street. They climbed the staircase of the tall apartment after murmuring greetings to the compound full of civilians.We spent four hours in the compound. Unlike our stay in the first home, where we had unfettered conversation, here no one dared to talk about the military confrontation. People sat in groups chatting about less pressing matters. The whispered interactions were occasionally interrupted by greetings from new arrivals. Periodic gunfire sounded from the Giada military barrack, and from fighting concentrated in the southwest of the city. We could also hear gunfire from the direction of the airport.The number of people at the big man's house had swelled with arrivals before and after us. Around four PM, we were instructed to leave for another undisclosed location. A newly bright twelve-seater Toyota van was arranged to transport twenty of us, and indeed it did. We squeezed in, a mix of young men, middle-aged men, and a few elderly; some of us were standing, some were sharing seats and others were in the boot. The women and children in our group had already been taken to the UNMISS camp. We questioned why we couldn't all be taken to the UNMISS camp together and were told that the security personnel might be singled out by the government if they were seen ferrying men to a protected civilian area.We were driven to the east of the city through an alley flanked by buildings with sheer walls entwined with creeping shrubs, along a potholed road unfamiliar to me\uc0{\u8212}I was lost in the city I knew so well. I searched, gazing out the van window, for any clues along the obscure, smelly, zigzagging road, but I recognized nothing. Our location was known only to the security personnel.A gate opened ahead, and our minibus was waved in; it was now five PM. We entered a courtyard surrounded by various small buildings. Exiting the van, we were directed to a whitewashed block in the center of the compound. The building had a bare floor and a roof inhabited by bats, filling the space with an unpleasant odor. Across the compound, tall mango trees laden with ripe fruit beckoned to us, and without waiting for permission, some of us we grabbed long sticks propped against their trunks by previous assailants and knocked down the fruit. We feasted on mangoes until our teeth ached from the sourness.As the sun set, we were given blankets, a pot, maize flour, and a goat. In Nuer tradition, gender dictates specific roles, and cooking is typically a woman's task. However, in times of war or male-only expeditions, men are adept at fending for themselves, and so we did. We divided the tasks among us: some gathered firewood from the dry branches of the mango trees within the compound, others slaughtered the goat and prepared the meat, and a few started the fire to cook the maize flour. When the food was ready, we gathered around the fire and began to eat.When we were children in our village, during our evening fireside storytelling, an elderly man once told us a folk story about a mouth and a stomach being good friends when faced with their common problem: starvation. "Once upon a time," he began, "whenever the stomach craved something, the mouth would pass it over. If the mouth couldn't chew what the stomach demanded, it would at least swallow it; it never betrayed the stomach. But one day, the mouth grew tired, like a soldier serving a ruthless autocrat, under the constant pressure of the stomach lying in wait. The mouth asked, 'What do you pass to me, apart from the refuse of human vomit?' The stomach, deeply disappointed and desperate to survive, bought a gun and started shooting at the mouth, which then ran in fear, searching for something to pass over to the stomach. That is why, when hunger besieges the stomach, it begins to rumble, and at that point, the mouth knows it must act." The meal we were eating wasn't well-cooked, with raw lumps occasionally surprising our palates, but our hunger drove us to consume it all regardless.One man among us had a radio, and we tuned it to the BBC World Service. The news was all about South Sudan: reporters were talking about the escalation of war and how it had grown into full-blown civilian atrocities. Correspondents, witnesses and Nuer victims spoke of Nuer being killed in Khorwilliam, Loglogo, Newsite, Gumba, and all around the city. The BBC also aired stories of women and young girls being raped, men maimed and killed. It reported thousands of Nuer people fleeing the city and flooding the IDP camp near Juba International Airport. My heart ached at the reality that our country was descending again into a nightmare.We spent three days at the security facility. On the third night, while we were sleeping, we were awakened by an uproar at the gate. Fear gripped us as we heard an exchange of angry yelling, less than one-hundred meters from the block where we were sleeping. Unidentified gunmen were trying to force their way into the facility, after failing to convince the security guards to let them in peacefully. They claimed they were directed from above and that they were coming to take us to the UN base for safety. The guards refused, and the argument escalated to the point of a near shootout. We stayed still and silent throughout the confrontation, and eventually, the intruders retreated.The following morning, three Toyota pickups, including the first two that had taken us to the big man's house, arrived for our evacuation. We believed they had been informed about the previous night's events. We were driven to the UNIMISS base along various small paths until we reached the Bilpam road, just a few meters from the IDP camp. After a thorough security check conducted by the UN peacekeeping guards, we were finally allowed to enter.}\par
\sect
}