{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy08\hr19\min55\sec32}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy08\hr19\min55\sec32}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Less Than a DollarThe US dollar has been a currency that is taken as money reference around the world. The majority of countries around the world have been estimating the value of their currency compared to the American dollar. So is the case in the Dzaleka Refugee Camp.Refugee life is far from being easy since refugees are vulnerable people that lean on help of different people around the world through different United Nations Organization. One of those organizations that assist refugees in terms of food in the camps is the World Food Program.Once happened a time that the World Food Program changed its way of assisting refugees in the Dzaleka refugee camp based on the demand of refugees, through their leaders. The World food program changed its way of assisting refugees by providing them money so that they would be buying their own food for their families. At first, some of refugees were happy of that but later on, they realized that it was not that good idea.Kitumaini, one of the refugees in the Dzaleka Camp came up with an idea of creating his own small business because he finally understood that an individual has been living with less than a dollar per day since the World Food Program gives to refugees an amount with is around five dollar per individual monthly. Kitumaini realized that it really impossible for a responsible to live with such amount each month. This was the very beginning of his own business he startedSince he had tailoring skills, he borrowed a sewing machine from one of his neighbors so that he may see how to financially secure his family. He created a door behind his house and made it a workshops from where he started receiving customers and exposing the sewed clothes so that other people might see them from the workshop and probably decide to come and ask for his services.The business went on very to the point that Kitumaini gathered an amount of money that allowed him to buy his own sewing machine. Then he bought a chicken and brought to his neighbor who lent him the sewing machine when he started the business as a sign of gratitude. He proceeded working harder and harder that the circle of his customer increased and they suggested if he could move to a strategic place where they could be meeting for business easily.From those pieces of advice he divided to change the location and shifted to a place suggested by the majority of his customers. Arriving there, she saw her business growing exponentially. Then he started even selling sewing materials. The business prospered for real that some of the surrounding people became jealous at him. They made a plan to and that plan was to destroy that business by sending thieves to robber in the night time.A certain Saturday, the guard left the workshop and closed using a padlock from outside. It was at least 2:00 am when the guy left the workshop alone. Because of the way the padlock was locked from outside, they simply understood that there\uc0{\u8217}s nobody inside the workshop. They got in and stole all the clothing and other worth things inside the workshop.Very early in the morning, when Kitumaini was going to work, he surprisingly found the door open and the workshop empty. He started crying this was \uc0{\u8220}God, how am I going to survive in this camps by receiving food for less than a dollar every moth?\uc0{\u8221} This had happened not only because of the hatred and jealousy people would manifested because they wanted but also to get something from Kitumaini because of the less than a dollar per day that people receive through the World food program .}}\par
\sect
}