{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy08\hr17\min12\sec04}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy08\hr17\min12\sec04}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Today I\uc0{\u8217}m cutting my hair short, even though I know my hair will not play around my neck and shoulders anymore. And I\uc0{\u8217}ll no longer have the happy feelings of everyday, to wear ponytail. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I do know I won\uc0{\u8217}t have that good feeling, when I touch my hair, and it lengths will not surprise me anymore. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But I have to do this one day\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I pick up the scissors, but I don\uc0{\u8217}t know why they are so heavy today. Maybe I have become weak. Or maybe these scissors don\uc0{\u8217}t want to cooperate with me. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Don\uc0{\u8217}t make it harder please\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Let me see\uc0{\u8230} Isn\uc0{\u8217}t this the same scissors with which I used to make kites out of the plastics that the sky gifted me, when I was a child? }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hey old friend, what\uc0{\u8217}s up? Are you mad at me? It\uc0{\u8217}s been a while since we\uc0{\u8217}ve seen each other, maybe you no longer remember me, but I remember you well and recall those days, the best memories of my life. What friends we were. Me, you, and the sky. The sky, even without being told, knew that I wished for kites, and I wanted plastic. So it gifted it to me. Played with me, by forcing the wind to move my kite from one side to another. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But I still don\uc0{\u8217}t know why it was sometimes mad at me and took my kites away and flew them far away. Maybe because I was pulling the hair of our neighbor\uc0{\u8217}s son, Ahamd. but it was what he deserved, he never allowed me to play with them and always told me \uc0{\u8220}go play with your dolls at home.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Today I\uc0{\u8217}ve got you in my hands again, my old friend. Why don\uc0{\u8217}t you talk to me?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why today we can\uc0{\u8217}t play as we used to? }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 How did I nurture this enemy within me, that is seeking revenge from me so harshly today? Why did I believe it, why did I accept that it must be a part of me, why did I allow it to separate me from my childish, how foolish was I to feel good every time by touching it?!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I won\uc0{\u8217}t let it harm me anymore, I am also a strong vindicator, just cooperate with me, old friend. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 See, I still see it with myself in the mirror. They have become so tall and colorful, see some of them move slowly and fall to the ground.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 oh what is it, that blocked my vision? Why my eyes have come blurred? I can\uc0{\u8217}t see easily where to cut them off, they have stuck to me so much that I\uc0{\u8217}m afraid I will hurt myself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have just convinced scissors to collaborate with me. Hey big drops! why are you purring all my face?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stop! You are avoiding me. You know, nothing can stop me this time. So don\uc0{\u8217}t try too hard. Perhaps you are another enemy of mine, but I have known you, as a companion for a long time. And what nights we spent together these last years. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So don\uc0{\u8217}t block my sight, there\uc0{\u8217}s no place for you here, look! Look! I\uc0{\u8217}ve recognized our old enemy. Don\uc0{\u8217}t you know this is our chain of captivity, the lock of our wishes, the symbol of our feminine weakness, the reason for not having the right to choose and determine our wishes\uc0{\u8230} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 let me cut it off. once and for all. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Please let me be free forever\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}