{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy12\hr16\min49\sec31}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy12\hr16\min49\sec31}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Liar, Liar, Boss on Fire!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Another day, another fake promise! Tawana hadn\uc0{\u8217}t received his salary yet again. Today he was told he would receive it at the end of the day but nothing had come to fruition. He was set to go home again empty-handed, with only two dollars left in his pocket. That was only enough for transport to go back home that day. He was not sure where he would get his next banknote from. He contemplated asking a friend for another loan, but at this rate he would run out of people to ask. Deep down he was not even sure he would be able to pay them back.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tawana had been working for the past two months without pay. Astonishing, right? Not at this firm, apparently. Tawana had started the job with some enthusiasm. He got the job a month after graduating from college. He counted himself fortunate given the unemployment rate in the country. The firm was in the plastic manufacturing industry. The bottles and closures they made were used for packaging jam, marmalade, and mayonnaise. Initially the boss, Sir Parks, looked welcoming and friendly. Tawana wasn\uc0{\u8217}t ready for what was coming in the next months. Even the salary he had been offered wasn\uc0{\u8217}t that much, but he was ready to stick it out, put the hard work in, and use this opportunity as a stepping stone in his career.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The first month went well, for the most part, and Tawana was excited to receive his first paycheck. His thoughts were to get something for his parents and put some of it towards his savings. But nothing appeared in his account. The boss came in every day, monitored the workers, and fled without saying a word. Tawana found it odd! He was very much aware of the economic situation that had crippled the nation and tried to view this delay within that context. Business was not that great that month and he attributed that to the delay. But a number of people from his work unit had already started to express their discontent. And Tawana totally understood that they had families to take care of. It wasn\uc0{\u8217}t his present worry at the moment, but he also wanted to settle down eventually.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The work kept you on your toes and when the machines were in full flow, you could hardly take a break. Tawana meticulously placed the preforms on a conveyor belt as they moved along to be blown by blowing machines. With the machine moving at maximum speed, a glance at your cell phone would draw the ire of the work supervisor. Tawana initially understood this sentiment and would quickly apologize if he was caught. But as he went deep into the second month, he was getting more and more disgruntled.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The lack of communication from his superiors was shocking. Tawana questioned this behavior. Was it a case of divide and conquer? Had some of the workers already been paid? \uc0{\u8220}We\uc0{\u8217}ll give you your money tomorrow!\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}The bank is not allowing us to withdraw cash!\uc0{\u8221} How was that possible? The boss came up with new excuses each day as the workers kept asking for their pay. Tawana suggested they could make a bank transfer to his mom\uc0{\u8217}s account instead, to avoid the withdrawal problem. Sir Parks took down the account number, but no transfer was ever made. Some of the workers were eventually paid, but Tawana wasn\uc0{\u8217}t.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It got to the point where he had no transport money and could not afford to get to work. Tawana missed work as a consequence. All of his savings had gone to commuting to and from the factory. To his disappointment, they used the day he missed work as an excuse for further delaying his payment to him. Tawana tried to put his head down and just not let the situation bog him down. He was constantly applying to other job opportunities he saw on the vacancy forum. He had also been admitted to a postgraduate program in the UK, and was looking for a scholarship in order to pursue his studies overseas. The chances of receiving one were low, but Tawana hadn\uc0{\u8217}t lost hope, and it was something he could hold on to. In the meantime, he got help from his friends to pay for his commute, in the hope that eventually he would get his remuneration. But he was now into his third month, and nothing had come}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0 through yet\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}