{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy16\hr17\min42\sec28}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy16\hr17\min42\sec28}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 She had a strange, suffocated feeling. It seemed that there was not enough oxygen for her in the air. If she had the power she would have released all the birds that were condemned to live in the cages just like her. Life behind a cage was meaningless for her. She got tired of hiding when the man was coming to feed her. She missed those days that she was free, that she could fly in the white and blue sky, that she was sitting on green trees and singing in high mountains, crossing on the rivers and living with other birds.}\par
{{\cf0\f0 It was spring and she went to sing on a branch of a tree in the garden but she did not know that there was someone who was chasing her when she was flying from one branch to the other one on the shrew tree.\uc0{\u160} She was the most beautiful parrot with blue, green, yellow and golden feathers that suddenly captured her with the bird net and put her in an iron cage that had small windows.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The man used to feed her daily and she was shouting to let her go but the man did not understand her language. The man always thought that the parrot was so happy, so all the time she was singing and he even tried to teach his own language to the parrot but all the time the parrot was escaping from him. The parrot did not like him and when the man came to the cage she was hiding inside it but the man was happy and thought that finally the parrot would have learnt his language and called him by his name.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Days passed but the parrot did not talk. She was missing her own land. She always wished to go out of that cage and have a room on a tall tree in the forest so far from all humans especially from that man. She wished to touch the sky and once again drink water from that limpid stream then fall asleep under the silver moon light. She was tired of the iron ceiling of the cage and she wished the blue sky was her cell where she could be free to fly endlessly but now although her feathers were open but she could not fly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Years passed, she did not see the beauty of spring and the falling of leaves in the autumn. She hit that cage to break it and all her golden feathers fell down but it did not break and the man was thinking that the parrot was dancing from happiness inside that cage.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day she stopped eating and drinking. She stopped screaming and beating too. The man thought that maybe the parrot wanted to eat a different food and brought her different dishes but neither she ate that nor she drank the water. Another day when the man looked at her inside the cage the parrot didn\uc0{\u8217}t move. The man opened the cage door and found out that she was dead. The man was wondering why she died when she was so happy living inside that cage. When she could have feed and water. He was really sad and thought about his goal, which was\uc0{\u160} teaching her his own language. He did not succeed in teaching his own language and the parrot that was dead now never succeeded to fly out of that cage.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}It was the time that the man knew that life in a cage is hurting either it is for a human or a bird.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He buried the parrot and said under his lips,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Whatever I gave you except\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}what you wanted from me,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Your wish was freedom;\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But I didn\uc0{\u8217}t let you be free.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}