{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo05\dy05\hr08\min09\sec11}{\revtim \yr2023\mo05\dy05\hr08\min09\sec11}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Life of Bahati}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had a neighbor named Bahati. She was a young girl 15 years old and she was living with her grandmother in a house with two bedrooms. They both loved each that even her grandmother did not want to see Bahati messed up. Bahati had lost both her father and mother during a car accident when she was 10 years old. Due to that Bahati was only raised by her grandmother who was selling a few items including tomatoes, mangoes, charcoal, and onions around the road. That was the only source of income. Through the small business that Bahati\uc0{\u8217}s grandmother was doing, Bahati was able to pay her school fees and get all the needs that she desired.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite all the sufferings and difficulties that Bahati and her grandmother were going through. They both stayed firm while hoping for a better future. I remember one day when Bahati came back from school and did not find the food ready. She started complaining saying, \uc0{\u8220}What kind of life of this? I went to school thinking that when I get back home I will find something to eat but all my hope went in vain.\uc0{\u8221} I was listening to what she was saying and I told her, \uc0{\u8220}In this life sometimes you will not always find what you want at a particular time. That\uc0{\u8217}s part of life please understand and if you don\uc0{\u8217}t mind we have already prepared food at my place let\uc0{\u8217}s go eat.\uc0{\u8221} Bahati said, \uc0{\u8220}Thank you Chris for your kindness.\uc0{\u8221} We went to my place and ate food together. When we finished eating, Bahati thanked me and left.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Successfully enough, Bahati completed both her primary and high school with good grades. Upon hearing that Bahati completed her school successfully, her grandmother said, \uc0{\u8220}My granddaughter you are indeed a blessing to me, and very proud of you.\uc0{\u8221} Bahati said, \uc0{\u8220}Thank you so much grandmother, I have reached this far because of your support and words of encouragement. You have been so good to me that is the reason why I have passed my class with a distinction.\uc0{\u8221} Then Bahati\uc0{\u8217}s grandmother said, \uc0{\u8220}Success comes from handwork, you are working so hard and sometimes you do not sleep at night since you spend most of your time reading books.\uc0{\u8221} Bahati said, \uc0{\u8220}You are the right grandmother.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A few weeks later, at the school where Bahati was completed, they receive a visitor who wanted to sponsor a girl\uc0{\u8217}s education. The man with his team had a talk with the headmaster of the school and he said, \uc0{\u8220}I want to help girls who passed with good grades during their high school to go and do their Bachelor\uc0{\u8217}s degree in the United State of America and I will sponsor everything.\uc0{\u8221} And the headmaster said, \uc0{\u8220}As for me, I do not have any objection to that let us just ensure that everything is cleared on the government level.\uc0{\u8221} Then the man asked the headmaster, \uc0{\u8220}How many girls have passed with a distinction at your school?\uc0{\u8221} The headmaster said, \uc0{\u8220}They are 5 girls.\uc0{\u8221} The man said, \uc0{\u8220}Give me their names I want to write letters and send it to them so that they should know that they have been selected to study high education abroad.\uc0{\u8221} The headmaster gave him all the details concerning the girls.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the next day morning, the letters of sponsorship to study at the university abroad were sent to the five girl\uc0{\u8217}s families. When Bahati receive hers, she was so excited and screamed, \uc0{\u8220}God has answered my prayer, I can\uc0{\u8217}t wait to see America and achieve my dreams.\uc0{\u8221} After hearing the news, Bahati\uc0{\u8217}s grandmother thanked God saying, \uc0{\u8220}God of widows and orphans is alive and he can do what no man cannot do.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}