{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy16\hr21\min19\sec15}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy16\hr21\min19\sec15}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 LIFE IN A REFUGEE CAMP part 1}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What\uc0{\u8217}s life like in a refugee camp, this question is an equation that has been moving in my head with no clear response to it. Refugee camp is a thin line between despair and hope. Here, people face tough lives. Every day is about a specific struggle, uncertainty, and strength. And after all it\uc0{\u8217}s just a normal life to those living it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Life in a refugee camp is a battle for survival. Basic things like water are hard to get. The\uc0{\u160} lack safe water is a worship song we deliver every day but no response for our request. people suffer from thirst and sickness. They spend hours fetching water from far away. Then\uc0{\u160} getting to the queue one has to wait for hours to get water. Water is a source of life but in refugee camps it\uc0{\u8217}s a source of death violence and exposure to risky behaviours. People fight , quarrel just to get this water.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember my first time arriving in a refugee camp, I was an ever shy and introvert person. But due to the fact that I have to fight and shout for water I had to learn to speak\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Life in a refugee camp is like a dream of a blind man. There is no security , no rules, no regulations. The\uc0{\u160} instances of violence, including sexual assault and exploitation, perpetuating a climate of fear and vulnerability. My mom at home would never allow us to watch movies with kissing scenes Ever since I arrived in a refugee camp Women and children are particularly at risk, facing the threat of rape, trafficking, and other forms of abuse. The absence of effective law enforcement mechanisms exacerbates these dangers, leaving refugees exposed to exploitation and injustice.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Life in a refugee camp is a tough class where each student is independently thinking about their end grades. None thinks about another person\uc0{\u8217}s well being. People from different cultural backgrounds mingle together in ununited ways. The first day I stepped my feet into a refugee camp , the first thing I learnt was selfishness and that I don\uc0{\u8217}t care mentally. Since everyone knew I was new in the area they always came asking for House materials. One packet of salt that would last for 2 weeks but it could only stay for 3 days due to over asking from the neighbors. Flour and food could not stay longer in the house. It was as if I was buying food for the whole area yet it was just for myself. Life in a refugee camp is truly a joke but I find myself saying it\uc0{\u8217}s what it\uc0{\u8217}s and life moves on.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Being a refugee at a young age has taught me a lot of things that I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t have learnt if I were rich or living in my home country. What is the difference between African people? Our color? Obviously No. Our country\uc0{\u8217}s differences? I guess yes . There are no education opportunities in the camp. One class occupying over 200 students and everyone is required to understand and follow the teacher, none is allowed to seek educational opportunities in the town because of the label \uc0{\u8221} refugee\uc0{\u8221}. Being caught outside of the refugee camp is a crime and one has to justify it. Why should we be treated like this in the countries of our fellow Africans?? A large number of refugee children are illiterate due to lack of schools and freedom. Why shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t there be love for those in need. To give them education which is the hope for tomorrow. To give them a future that would otherwise help build our nations.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}