{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy03\hr12\min49\sec32}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy03\hr12\min49\sec32}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We are told that there is a war in Congo. And we are told the refugee crisis is a worldwide issue. Stories like this are often the ones people think of when they hear those words. But these stories don\uc0{\u8217}t always get told. In fact, stories of refugees like these often don\uc0{\u8217}t get told at all. People in our society know little about what it\uc0{\u8217}s like to be without home, family or possessions. These are the stories that need to be told. The world needs to understand what it\uc0{\u8217}s like for people living in refugee camps and how they cope with their lives on a day-to-day basis. This is the story of a Dzaleka refugee living in a camp in Malawi. His name is Willy, and he is one of millions who have been forced to flee their homes. Willy is a father of two children, both under the age of five. He lives in a refugee camp in Malawi Dzaleka with his wife and two other families.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The camp is small, with little more than a few tents and makeshift shelters made from cardboard boxes. There\uc0{\u8217}s also one portable toilet that\uc0{\u8217}s shared by everyone living there. Willy doesn\uc0{\u8217}t have enough food or medicine to care for his family, so he makes trips into town every day to find work as an agricultural laborer or cleaning houses. But even these jobs don\uc0{\u8217}t pay much money\uc0{\u8212}sometimes only $8 per day. Willy\uc0{\u8217}s family is one of many who have been forced to flee their homes in Malawi. The civil war has taken a terrible toll on the country: Thousands of people have been killed, millions are homeless and more than nine million are in need of humanitarian aid. Willy his been living in the makeshift camp for more than 10 years. He says he can\uc0{\u8217}t afford to go back home to Congo because of the high cost of renting an apartment there, but he also doesn\uc0{\u8217}t want his children\uc0{\u8217}s education to be interrupted by war. Willy says he doesn\uc0{\u8217}t know what the future holds for her family. But when he\uc0{\u8217}s asked how things are going in Congo, he pauses before replying. \uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s very difficult,\uc0{\u8221} Willy says softly. \uc0{\u8221}The situation is very bad. \uc0{\u8220}He says he doesn\uc0{\u8217}t know how long it will take for the war to end, but he hopes President \uc0{\u201}tienne Chisekedi regime will be overthrown soon. Willy\uc0{\u8217}s sister died while they were living in Congo, and now he says his dream is to go back there with his children and start a new life. Willy\uc0{\u8217}s children are still young and don\uc0{\u8217}t understand what is happening in their country, but Willy says he tries to explain it to them as best he can. He tells them that they will have a better life in Lilongwe than they do back home. Willy says he wants the children to feel safe and happy, but the war has made it difficult for him to provide that for them. He hopes they will be able to go back home soon so they can continue their education. Willy says he doesn\uc0{\u8217}t want his children to live in fear, and he hopes that one day they will be able to go back home. Willy\uc0{\u8217}s daughter is a student at the Dzaleka Secondary school. She has been unable to finish her studies because of the war, and Willy says this breaks her heart.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}