{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy25\hr08\min53\sec50}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy25\hr08\min53\sec50}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There would be a day that a person arrives in a situation which stops being with people, he doesn\uc0{\u8217}t enjoy being with his loved ones anymore! He doesn\uc0{\u8217}t like to say anything!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But in fact, he has a lot to say!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The time has come! you know what time?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When a person has nothing to say anymore, his pen starts to talk! He says all his words in pen language.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then they tell us: You are an introvert! You don\uc0{\u8217}t like us! You think you are better than us, and you don\uc0{\u8217}t want to talk to us!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s not like that, my pen speaks! I am tired of the people around me and their wounds! Very tired! Your love is still in my heart! But you stole it from my appearance! You silenced me!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And now you say you are proud\uc0{\u8230}..}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 These people are really ignorant! I wish people were afraid of being pathetic as much as they were afraid of heights! Sometimes I want to be bad! Because I have a lot of scars from my kindness! But I\uc0{\u8217}m not bad, this evil and duplicity is not in my nature! So I\uc0{\u8217}m not like them!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So what is the solution??}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The solution is silence! The solution is this cozy corner of solitude! The solution is my pen! My pen\uc0{\u8230}..}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This writing is a form of therapy! Cures my pains, which others gave me as a gift. Treatment of my tongue, which has not said anything for a long time. Healing my heart, which has wounds from everyone. Treating my eyes, which are tired of seeing so many ignorant people. The treatment of my hands, which I have no hands but my own, me who is forgotten for everyone. But today I have the pen! My pen sings; My unsaid words, my silence, my pains, the wounds of my tongue, my tired heart, my confused mind, the tears of my eyes, the corner of my room, my cold coffee, me\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Writing is the only thing between me and my impossibilities! The same impossibilities that I have buried for a long time, in the depths of my being! No trace of them left\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Writing is my pain, my treatment, my impatience\uc0{\u8230}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Writing is my love, my lover, my king, my eyes\uc0{\u8230}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To me that my heart is my mind! Lonely and tired, tight and helpless!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Writing is my friend, my beauty, my light, my moonlight\uc0{\u8230}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To me, my body and soul are hard in need of rest!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Writing is my Nil, my sea, my waterfall, my sun\uc0{\u8230}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have a solution for all my difficulties, as long as there is a pen and a paper! I am in love with the hissing sound of my pen when it walks on the paper.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My pen is medicine, my paper is water and my hands are tools, for a smile after the longings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Writeing is another world!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am writing; With the swimming of my pen on the waves of the sea, with the flight of my pen on the clouds of the sky under the light of the moon!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am writing! because I love\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I love my pen, I love my writings!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Writing is my unspoken pain!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 How good I am with my pen! It has no tongue to wound, no hand to fight back\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But it is very knowledgeable! Very\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I swear by the pen and what comes from the fragrance of writing! From the day I got a pen, I found myself! I believe in my pen. I love my pen. It is a pen that can say many things. I can express with it everything that is in my heart, everything that I cannot say in words, everything that is difficult for me to say. My pen calms my heart. My heart finds peace when my pen starts to write, so I can write a description, a valuable description that can be bought\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 my pen The miracle of my life, my friend!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 my pen My heart, my rare gem!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My pen, the color of my heart, my love, my life!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My pen, the light of my eyes, the night of my moon!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 my pen My companion, the light of my way!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 my pen The color of the breath, the smell of the air.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 my pen my pain and healing and peace!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My pen is the miracle of my life, my friend}}\par
\sect
}