{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy26\hr19\min58\sec07}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy26\hr19\min58\sec07}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Losing both parents is something which is hard to any child on this planet earth. Nonensaba is a young boy who was left with his stepmother when his father died in 2010. By then Nonensaba was eleven years old. He had a father who loved him so much since he was the only boy he had in his family. The rest of the children are girls. The action of Nonensaba\uc0{\u8217}s father loving him more made his stepmother develop a jealousy to why other children were not being treated the same. Before his father died, the mother could fight with his father concerning the treatment of the children in the family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Whenever the father could come from the market, he could bring bread and share among the children. However, the father was giving Nonensaba a big peace than the rest of the children. These actions were bad because they affected the life of Nonensaba negatively. The time that the father passed away, the misery started showing up in the life of the young boy. The stepmother started mistreating him. She could tell other children to go and have a sleep during the day while Nonensaba is cleaning the plates at the age of eleven.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When the young boy reached the age of twelve, he decided to leave the place and went to stay with a certain pastor of Zambemalamo church. The pastor saw the life of the young boy that it was being ruined and decided to take him to his place in collaboration with the organization called Plan Malawi. The stepmother did not hesitate to give away the child since there was no good relationship between them anyways.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After leaving his stepmother, life started changing in a positive way since he was adopted by parents who have love and fear God at the same time. There was no way that Nonensaba could not live a better life with such parents. Nonensaba is now pursuing his bachelors of science degree in computer science at Malawi University of Science and Technology. Him being adopted by the pastor; it was like a light that has shined again in his life.}}\par
\sect
}