{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy04\hr10\min15\sec34}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy04\hr10\min15\sec34}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Life in an Unhealthy Community}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Buki lives in a community where community members are extremely poor and lacks something/money to respond to his basic needs and the needs of his family members. The community is a refugee camp called Dzaleka; located near Lilongwe, the capital city of Malawi. It is a multicultural community as it encompasses people from different counties around Africa, such as DRC, Burundi, Rwanda, Somalia, and Ethiopia who have access to very limited and insignificant community resources. Community members, including Buki and some members from the host community, experience hardships that negatively affect their health, education, and economic growth. The life people are living here is doubtful.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Buki is a husband to one woman and father of 10 children. He is short of means to feed them and respond to their other needs. In this community, Buki does not have a formal job despite his Bachelor\uc0{\u8217}s degree in Applied Pedagogy with a concentration in Biology. His joblessness is due to the insignificant number of organizations that hire people in the community, including schools. Some of the available organizations\uc0{\u8217} managers seem to hire people with whom they share ethnicities or countries. He lacks a stable and decent job to generate income to respond to his family\uc0{\u8217}s needs, including food. To get money, he relies on the World Food Program assistance, external aids, and some small jobs like fabricating bricks, selling in someone\uc0{\u8217}s shop, etc. These sources of income are not enough and do not respond to all the family\uc0{\u8217}s needs. As the consequence, Buki\uc0{\u8217}s family members eat once a day and hardly fulfill their other needs, lack a quality education, and fail to invest for future use. Getting food and responding to other needs is difficult; attending school has become also difficult, and investing for future use does not take place because of the shortage of resources.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Buki\uc0{\u8217}s family\uc0{\u8217}s average cost of daily food is low and hardly responds to their other needs because of poverty. Because of the lack of a stable source of income or a decent job, Buki\uc0{\u8217}s family members do not access enough food and clothes. They eat an insignificant quantity of food once a day and experience a shortage of clothes. How much money does the family get from WFP for food and other needs? Currently, the World Food Program Organization provides about 6, 800 MK per person a month. It is the money Buki\uc0{\u8217}s single family member is supposed to spend on food, charcoal, clothes, etc., per month. For twelve people, they receive 12X6, 800 equals 81, 600 MK, the amount a family of 12 people needs to consume per month. Therefore, Buki does other small jobs to help the family spend an average of 4,000 Malawi Kwacha a day on food apart from flour. This is about US$4. In other words, the family spends an amount of 4, 000 Malawi Kwacha from WFP, assistance from other people, and other jobs on food daily. This is not enough for a family of 12 people.\uc0{\u160} As the consequence, family members lack enough proteins because of the poor intake of quality food. This has led to different diseases, including anemia. A month ago, one of Buki\uc0{\u8217}s sons aged 7 was admitted because of anemia. Fortunately, the son was treated and recovered his health after six days of admission. Poverty has really affected Buki\uc0{\u8217}s family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Buki\uc0{\u8217}s children have stopped going to school. Some of them are still qualified to be in school. However, they have stopped attending school because of the lack of school fees. Is there any school where they could study for free? In the Dzaleka community, there is only one public school called JRS (Jesuit Refugee Service) which has a Kindergarten, primary, and secondary school plus a center providing post-secondary education. The school does not have enough space for all community members to access quality education as the community is home to more than 40, 000 people. Students who lack places in the one community\uc0{\u8217}s available public school are required to register in a private school and have to pay for their education. Four of Buki\uc0{\u8217}s children were registered in a private school where they had to pay to continue learning. Unfortunately, the family was short of means to support them and decided to withdraw them from school. This had an impact on the children. After withdrawing them, one of his daughters aged 17 decided to get married. Before she got married, she talked to me and let me know her decision. I asked why such a decision while she was still under 18 and she responded that she had nothing to do at home. The only activity she had was attending school. The other thing that pushed her to get married early was her father\uc0{\u8217}s failure to respond to some of her needs. She thought that her husband would respond to her needs of the lack of enough food, clothes, and more. Despite my pieces of advice to endure, Buki\uc0{\u8217}s daughter got married while she was under 18. Hardships in Buki\uc0{\u8217}s life have led to Buki\uc0{\u8217}s daughter\uc0{\u8217}s early marriage. Her life has changed since the day she got married. The husband is providing the majority of the things she needs.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is worth mentioning that investment is not done because of the lack of money. As the family is extremely poor, Buki is unable to invest for future use. He does not have enough resources to respond to the family\uc0{\u8217}s needs. Therefore, he has no money to invest in for future use. He wonders about the future of his family members. Even though, Buki still has hope. He is an educated person and has just mastered the English language that people use in the workplace. He hopes that the skills that he has will help him one day get a decent job and improve his living conditions. The job would help him get enough food, clothes, etc., for the family and get out of the poverty trap. Buki cannot attain economic growth because of the lack of investment but he is trying to find a way out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}