{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy05\hr07\min32\sec56}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy05\hr07\min32\sec56}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Today I\uc0{\u8217}m poor,But tomorrow I will be rich.Today you\uc0{\u8217}re poor,But tomorrow you will be rich,Because life changes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Life can change, like a little bird noose how to fly,At the time that is so surprise,And a moment that all the doors of your destiny are closed,Because life changes like day and night.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Look, I had people,Who looked like pastas,But they didn\uc0{\u8217}t satisfy with their characters,And die poor,So abstain those bad behaviours,Step by step slowly by slowly is a good way,They search money by pressure,So abstain those bad behaviours,Because step by step slowly by slowly is a good way,a good life, a good direction,Life changes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But pressure life,May result to death,Pressure lifeIs doing things that made you madPressure life,May make you inter in the Freemanson and work forBlood.Pressure life,Is like doing nonsense in play ground in life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But a good life,Is step by step slowly by slowly and that Is life,Because going in front without a plan,Is just like a car without a break.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Put the past as the verb,Think of your future life,For it\uc0{\u8217}s the breath life,But if you of your wife,The panga knife will turn into a knifeAnd that is the beginning of failure,But remember failure is a serpent,Now plan, prepare,Life changes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My dear,Your future is too bright,So make hay while the sun shines,For life will change to you when you get change too,Try to fight,You should go straight,For there is not sweet without sweat,Try to test,What you plant is what you will harvest.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And know that,Today I\uc0{\u8217}m poor,But tomorrow I will be rich,Today you\uc0{\u8217}re poor,But tomorrow you will be rich,Because life changes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 @Samuel mundusa.}}\par
\sect
}