{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr12\min10\sec41}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr12\min10\sec41}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Life at stake}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The news about Covid-19 stroke us here in Kakuma refugee camp in 2019. We were watching on television about the outbreak of the virus in other countries especially China. The entire camp felt pity for them. I remember very clearly, we could pray for them and this was done by many families in this camp. The rumor that spread around was that, the covid 19 virus does not attack black people. It only attacks and affects the white people only. Therefore, we felt safe from it. I also felt calm and didn\uc0{\u8217}t have to worry because i was black. At that moment i was in my third year in campus pursing my bachelors in social work from Masinde Muliro university of science and technology. Its located in Kakamega county, western part of Kenya. The learning in school continued as usual because we hadn\uc0{\u8217}t experienced any single case here in Kenya. Everything seemed normal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Things got heated up when we heard its spreading to other countries so fast. The most terrifying aspect was the numerous numbers of death reported in those countries. Each and everyday we could hear thousands of people dying. Thats where we started getting afraid. Personally i felt so bad and getting worried in the inside. When i looked around the camp, i could only see the fear refugees where having about this pandemic. To make the matter worse, there was no information given to the communities about the virus. We were just having questions stack in our minds. At this juncture, the activities were going on as usual and many people were just worried about the number of death reported daily. Normally, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have this habit of watching news but i just found myself watching news daily. I was not only the person keen in news but i could see many people around the camp doing so. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After some months, the first case was reported in Kenya. The anxiety and the tension increased here in the camp. As days went by, more number of cases were being reported and death too.\uc0{\u160} It reached a time that the Covid-19 cases was reported in the camp too. Many refugees experienced increased levels of anxiety, stress, and isolation due to the pandemic, and have had limited access to support and mental health services. We are often living in overcrowded conditions with limited access to adequate healthcare, clean water, and sanitation facilities, which can make us particularly vulnerable to the spread of the virus. The pandemic has also disrupted the education of many refugee children, with schools in camps often closing or moving to online learning, which is not always accessible to all students.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was no movement of people. The streets were empty. Many refugees closed their businesses. Imagine the loss that they encountered. I really felt so insecure and vulnerable. Being a girl, going through all these experiences made me feel less fortunate. I asked myself so many questions that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t get answers to. When i looked at my somali community, many women and young girls panicked and thought they were going to die in this camp. In the camp, many organizations have implemented measures such as social distancing, improved sanitation, and increased access to healthcare to help prevent the spread of the virus. However, these measures are often difficult to implement effectively due to the challenging living conditions in our communities. Our lives were at stake. }}\par
\sect
}