{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy25\hr15\min12\sec37}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy25\hr15\min12\sec37}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Like I\uc0{\u8217}m born to no bond only to deserve this destiny in jumbles.Like I\uc0{\u8217}m a wanted criminal that none likes.Like my plight desires draconian deterrence as benign tokens to flash asmile to my crying face in crises.Like I belong to the nonexistent edge of the world with no compassion.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You call me stateless! Vagabond! Footloose!No, I belong here! We once lived in sanctity! In benevolent consonancebefore the genesis of generations that had lost reminiscence of ouroneness in the wake of our renaissance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You call me stateless. No, only at the dawn of generations that had erredthe words of Ubuntu.\uc0{\u8220}I am because we are\uc0{\u8221} but you tired my wings as my pride whined as yougrind it.\uc0{\u8220}I am because we are\uc0{\u8221} but you cage my dream only in my ribs, and robbedme of my sense of belonging to the greater wholeness.\uc0{\u8220}I am because we are\uc0{\u8221} but you put impasses to my potential and seize mygenius ingenuity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the words of Ubuntu unite in voices warming up for belonging, I holdmy claim to our united oneness, our territory!As my uniqueness to the greatest wholeness emerges from the shadow ofthe divide as we devise a fresh sense of belonging, I hold my claim to ourunited dignity, our union!As those borderlines that cut me off dissolve in our common once-borne,blood, and flesh us, I hold my claim to a building block of our once concerted community, our integrity}}\par
\sect
}