{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy25\hr11\min08\sec24}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy25\hr11\min08\sec24}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There is a girl called Laduse who I have been crushing on since 2023 last year. I swear to God the almost high she is my soul mate. Unfortunately, she has been in a relationship all this time. Although we have been chatting and flirting here and there with her saying that she likes me but the only problem is that she is in a serious relationship with someone else.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the past days, I heard that her relationship has ended. When I asked her, she confirmed and said that it has been two months when she had a break from relationships. All this time, I had stopped talking to her. However, she told me that she can\uc0{\u8217}t be in a relationship with me now because she needs to recollect herself. I did not give up and poured my heart on her then she said \uc0{\u8221}I would take you seriously if we were talking in person\uc0{\u8221}. I said to her that it was not a big deal since I also wanted to meet her and tell how I feel in person.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This last weekend, I started off for Blantyre all the way from Lilongwe where I am working. When I arrived in Blantyre, I called her and asked her where she was and what she was doing at that moment. She told me that she was just at home, nothing much. Then I said guess what? I am here to meet you. She said ooh why didn\uc0{\u8217}t you say that you are coming before informing me? How long are you here? I told her I wanted to surprise you and I am here until we talk in person like you said to me the other day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All of a sudden, she started making excuses. She said that she can\uc0{\u8217}t meet me as she didn\uc0{\u8217}t plan to leave her home so we can meet the other day. When it reached morning hours, her phone was off the whole day until evening and claimed that she had no power in her phone. During the same evening, she told me that she can\uc0{\u8217}t meet me to discuss about relationships because she is now back with her boyfriend and then her phone went off without even giving me a chance to answer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have wasted more than 300,000mk on this trip. I even bought her presents. I really wanted this girl so bad and I was already thinking about approaching witchdoctors to win her heart. When I was on my way back, she has texted me that \uc0{\u8220}Thanks for loving me but let it go\uc0{\u8221}. I just realized that she is a toxic person who enjoy seeing me suffer. From that time, I blocked her and deleted her number. I regret knowing her.}}\par
\sect
}