{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy22\hr10\min41\sec25}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy22\hr10\min41\sec25}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lilongwe}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dzaleka refugee camp was one of the luckiest refugee camps in the entire world. Many refugee camps were located far from the city and often along the country\uc0{\u8217}s borders but not with Dzaleka. It was just few miles away from the city. A half hour bus ride was enough to witness all the pleasures it had to give.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was in August and the schools had just closed. I had passed the end of year examinations and got position seven. \uc0{\u160}My uncle had previously promised on phone to take me to the city once I got into top ten list. As his fulfilment, He had to send the transportation fee so that I can travel and enjoy my hard work with him and my cousins.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That time to get a single digit position wasn\uc0{\u8217}t easy moreover the classes were overcrowded and each class had more than a hundred learners. My friends, Gilbert and Gadson got position fifteen and twenty respectively. They had improved too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As agreed with uncle Jame, the adventure was planned to happen on Friday morning. I remember turning around on my small mat on that long Thursday night. My blankets seemed too short and the room too small and hot. I spent the whole night looking up the roofs and dreaming myself moving up and down in the city. I then accidentally slept when the eyes had grown tired, sleepy and overused by my great and impossible imaginations.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Wake up! Toyi\uc0{\u8221} Agnes my young sister walked me up that sunny Friday. \uc0{\u8220}Late to sleep and late to wake, what a brother we have!\uc0{\u8221} She mocked me in front of my other younger siblings who had already gathered around our small table waiting for porridge. Porridge was the only breakfast we loved eating in the morning. My mother with the help of Agnes were pouring porridge in one big plate and place it on the table. Then each with a spoon were dismounting the breakfast. It was funny, competitive and worthy not to miss.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Leave the porridge for the children!\uc0{\u8221} My mother mockingly advised me. \uc0{\u8220}Yes! Leave for us. You will drink tea with milk there in town\uc0{\u8221} Agnes promised and made me laugh. \uc0{\u8220}You are Jealousy!\uc0{\u8221} I claimed. \uc0{\u8220}Yes we are, why you not us?\uc0{\u8221} My siblings rebuked me at once. Then we busted into laughter and I left before the porridge was half sized. I had to take a bath and wore my best clothes. It was a blown trouser and a blue t shirt. It was the only outstanding pair of clothes I had.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was after I had finished putting on my clothes, my friends Gilbert and Gadson came to escort me. \uc0{\u8220}Toyi! We are here. Do fast, you might find the city had been sold!\uc0{\u8221} They joked out loud outside to make me finish fast. My parents advised me to make a call to my uncle once I reach the city. They asked me to write his phone number on a paper but I refused as I had it in mind. They also gave me the transport and an addition money to buy some snacks on the way.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had only taken two bags. One where I had put some of my shorts and shirts. The other one was a sucker bag. My parents had packed some cassava flour which we called }{\cf0\f0\i ifu y\uc0{\u8217}imyumbati }{\cf0\f0 and some grinded dry cassava leaves called }{\cf0\f0\i Chigwada }{\cf0\f0 in Chichewa and }{\cf0\f0\i isombe }{\cf0\f0 in Kinyarwanda}{\cf0\f0\i . }{\cf0\f0 These things were rare in the city and my parents took it as a present for uncle and his family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gilbert carried the small bag. Gadson helped with the sucker bag all the way to the depot where the bags were put behind the bus. I then entered and took the front chairs as I had found the car full already. \uc0{\u8220}See you!\uc0{\u8221} my friends waved and I waved back without saying anything. It was really hard to say goodbye to best friends when adventuring away into a strange place.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The sadness ended just after the conductor had closed the bus door. The conductor was in charge of controlling the passengers by collecting money and giving sits in the bus. The driver started the engine and my heart beat a little bit. I was then curious to see more from the roads and hear stories from the other passengers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Dzaleka tarmac road was surrounded by big crumbs of soil on either side. On top of this road hills, there were long bushes.\uc0{\u160} I saw herds men grazing their cattle on top of this small fold hills. On other road\uc0{\u8217}s sides, I saw small scattered villages and schools. The villages were far from the tarmac road. They were near other tall hills, big forest fields on their south sides. The villages seemed to be adventurous free places.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Upon reaching Lumbadzi depot. The car stopped to release some passengers who were heading to the northern region\uc0{\u8217}s districts using the Kasungu Road while new passengers were getting in heading to the city too. The depot is also called Dowa turn off. It\uc0{\u8217}s a junction of three roads: road from the city, another from Kasungu and the other one from Dowa.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While waiting for the other passengers who had reached their destination to unpack their bags, I was attracted by the vendors who were busy selling fast foods. They were selling chips, doughnuts, roasted maize, sweet freezes, fruits and even some live animals like rabbits and chickens. I failed to control my love for food and did not think twice in spending the whole addition money my parents had gave me. I bought almost everything. Mangoes, chips, biscuits, packed milk and even doughnuts. My small bag was filled with foods. And everyone in the bus was amazed to see many vendors standing on my window.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The conductor took the chance to advertise for other new passengers who were heading to the city to fill up the empty spaces. And now only one forefront sit had remained when a young beautiful girl in a school uniform stopped the conductor. She carried a small school bag and some of her luggage were placed at the back of the car where I had placed mine. The girl was my peer by her appearance and had some dimples on her both cheeks. She had a short but many afro hairs like those of Rwandans. She seemed to be happy, relieved and excited from something. She took a sit on the chair next to the door and in between there were two old couple who had boarded the bus earlier than her. I disliked the fact that she was far from me. I prayed, wished and imagined sitting close to her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Just when the bus was about to move, the couple asked the girl to exchange the sits \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220}young girl come and sit here\uc0{\u8221} the gentle man who was sitting beside me requested. \uc0{\u8221}We will take off on the near station.\uc0{\u8221} He concluded winning me the chance to sit with the beautiful girl.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In fact, God was with me. She sat just beside me and I didn\uc0{\u8217}t feel relaxed for a moment. The driver resumed the adventure making the car shaking and dragging the girl towards my side planting a shy glad smile on my oily lips. And my dimples had been dumped in oil and biscuits dust flour. I faced down and tried to shake the dust off.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}}{\cf0\f0\i Bho! Bho!\uc0{\u8221}}{\cf0\f0  She asked in greeting me. \uc0{\u8221}}{\cf0\f0\i Bho}{\cf0\f0 !\uc0{\u8221} I replied. }{\cf0\f0\i Bho! }{\cf0\f0 is a modern Chichewa greeting which means are you okay? And you respond Bho! meaning yes am okay. \uc0{\u8220}Are you going to Lilongwe?\uc0{\u8221} She asked. \uc0{\u8221}Yes and you?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Well, she nodded her head. I asked her if it was her first time to the city like me and she said that Lilongwe was her home place. \uc0{\u8220}I stay in area 21 with my parents and I am coming from school\uc0{\u8221} She answered. \uc0{\u8220}That means you travel like this every day?\uc0{\u8221} I asked unknowingly. \uc0{\u8220}No! I learn at a boarding school somewhere in Nkhotakota\uc0{\u8221} She responded and laughed. The school was Bishop Mtekateka as her uniform logo revealed. Nkhotakota was another big district in the northern region near Kasungu district. I had learned this from our Geography teacher and I didn\uc0{\u8217}t question about it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She was really an African queen. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t speak much but listened to me attentively when I was talking my theme less points. \uc0{\u8221}I like adventures\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8230}and me too\uc0{\u8221} she interrupted me and went silent again. \uc0{\u8221}I also like cooking and watching cartoons\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}. \uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8230}Me too.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We were really young to be true as the journey continued, we were busy telling each other our favorite foods, animals, countries and even favorite subjects too. She liked rice and I liked spaghetti. She liked zebra and I liked the elephant. She preferred visiting China and I Canada. She loved English while I loved geography. It was really full of funny and I could see the conductor smiling while looking at us. Maybe he was thinking in his vast mind that what a wonderful romantic scene.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Every time, I run out of ideas I looked out the window and asked if she know the places. \uc0{\u8220}Yes! That\uc0{\u8217}s Chezi trading center. It\uc0{\u8217}s a big market place for raw products in the entire city\uc0{\u8221} She responded. Slowly the bus was entering into the big and huge roads. It was a round and interconnected road. I was amazed at how the roads were built and had to move my head out and see how the cars were revolving around and around instead of going direct. \uc0{\u8220}Ask me!\uc0{\u8221} The girl jokingly requested. I laughed as I knew she had caught my curiosity. \uc0{\u8220}Yes! Tell me miss knows it all.\uc0{\u8221} I jokingly asked and we laughed. Honestly, she was good at explaining and I believe she loved it too. And I loved looking hearing her innocent caring and clear voice. \uc0{\u8220}This is a roundabout, each road leads to a different area\uc0{\u8221} She explained. \uc0{\u8220}What\uc0{\u8217}s that flagged building?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s the national parliament!\uc0{\u8221} She answered and I was even happy to know that I have seen one of the great houses of the country. Then we crossed a bridge and passed along a big hospital called Bwaila as the sign indicated. Meanwhile, we shared the food. I shared my biscuits and she shared her snacks too from her small bag. The whole car was filled with our voice and laughter and everyone smiled at us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Where is the city?\uc0{\u8221} I asked. \uc0{\u8220}Ha! Ha! Ha! We are in the city\uc0{\u8221} she said. \uc0{\u8220}But!\uc0{\u8221} I wondered upon seeing many trees on all the sides of the road \uc0{\u8220}Yes, these trees are just apart of the Lilongwe wildlife center\uc0{\u8221} She cleverly interrupted. \uc0{\u8220}What is that again?\uc0{\u8221} I asked. \uc0{\u8220}Its like a zoo.\uc0{\u8221} She responded and I was even happy to know that I was passing a long a zoo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We later entered into busy roads filled with long queues. On both sides of the roads, many moving advertisements were presented on big posters. Posters of small children chopping noodles and thighs of chickens took my heart and wished I was one. Then I saw tall buildings all over the sides of the roads. It was noisy as cars beeped and vendors were many and were screaming louder. Traffic polices were everywhere controlling the car movements. \uc0{\u8220}Welcome to Lilongwe!\uc0{\u8221} The girl whispered to me and we laughed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the queue slowed the movement of the vehicles completely. The bus driver played a music to calm our patience. It was a guitared and a country song about the city. \uc0{\u8220}}{\cf0\f0\i Lilongwe eh! I am few hours away\uc0{\u8230} Lilongwe eh! I am coming home to stay\uc0{\u8230} Lilongwe\uc0{\u8230} eh!}{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Almost everyone in the bus was happy to sing it. And my neighbor sung it as hers. \uc0{\u8220}}{\cf0\f0\i Ndikubwera!\uc0{\u8221}}{\cf0\f0  she joyfully whispered meaning }{\cf0\f0\i am coming!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The queue was speeded up by the traffic police who seemed to have had a busy and a tough day. \uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s the Bingu International stadium!\uc0{\u8221} She happily pointed out. \uc0{\u8220}Wooowww!\uc0{\u8221} I was amazed by the big oval and open building. \uc0{\u8220}We are in area 47 and the surrounding areas are area 10 and area 49\uc0{\u8221} She explained. \uc0{\u8220}Oh! That means in the city you use area numbers to call places?\uc0{\u8221} I wondered. \uc0{\u8220}Not really but it is what it is\uc0{\u8221} She responded and we laughed. \uc0{\u8220}A few areas have the numbers but people prefer calling them by name like Likuni and Chinsapo areas but areas like 23 and 21 are called by numbers.\uc0{\u8221} She cleared me. \uc0{\u8220}Yes, I now understand!\uc0{\u8221} I said and we laughed again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The journey didn\uc0{\u8217}t last longer. It was the city depot we had entered. The bus driver parked the car amidst the other big many busses than ours.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I am Sarah and you.?\uc0{\u8221} She asked me with a great smile which came from her heart of hearts. \uc0{\u8221}I am Toyi.\uc0{\u8221} I responded while giving a shy smile and a down face.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The bus had finally stopped. The conductor opened the door and everyone went outside. We followed the conductor behind the bus to collect our bags that were locked at the back of the bus. The conductor opened the back door and removed her bag first and then mine. \uc0{\u8221}Toyi! I think we shall meet again\uc0{\u8221} she said. Honestly, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t like the fact that I had to say good bye.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The conductor had noticed us all the time before. He stood and said \uc0{\u8221}Here young ones, a hug will make it ha! ha!\uc0{\u8221} He said while laughing and made us smile shyly. I remember she hugged me and I stood still in disbelief as I had never been hugged by a beautiful girl before. \uc0{\u8221}Bye! Toyi, my parents are waiting for me\uc0{\u8221} she said while heading towards the depot\uc0{\u8217}s gate where her parents and her young brother had parked their family car.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I then borrowed a phone from the conductor who mocked me of being shy. I called my uncle who later came and picked me up. The trip was really interesting and we had many adventures inside the city with my cousins. Clementina, one of my cousins whom I used to play with when young had grown taller and gained weight than me. But she was still the same story teller I had known. During the holiday, I told her about my adventure story and the beautiful girl called Sarah. She laughed to death and mocked me of being shy. \uc0{\u8220}How can I find her again?\uc0{\u8221} I desperately asked her. \uc0{\u8220}Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha! Where on earth will you find a girl named Sarah in all the Sarahs we have? You don\uc0{\u8217}t even know her surname.\uc0{\u8221} She mocked again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I spent the rest of the holiday there in my uncle\uc0{\u8217}s flat house. I ate, drink, played and watched lots of cartoons with my cousins. Sometimes, uncle sent me and Clementina to the city shops like ShopRite, Sana and Game stores. I was looking in all directions with hopes of grasping a site with Sarah. Unlucky me, the holiday was over in a blink of an eye and I had to say goodbye.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Clementina escorted me and advised me to keep my mind clear and heart true. \uc0{\u8220}Maybe you shall meet again.\uc0{\u8221} She encouraged me. \uc0{\u8220}Who knows? The world is small people meet.\uc0{\u8221} She concluded and said goodbye. \uc0{\u8220}Please visit us again\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Yes, I will\uc0{\u8221} I said and boarded the bus home to Dzaleka refugee camp. Indeed, life is a journey.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}