{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy27\hr17\min39\sec42}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy27\hr17\min39\sec42}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}How was practice?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I suck!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I should just quit!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You should not.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I know what people think every time I step on that mound, okay?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So do I, that you are a fine young man and you are a superb pitcher.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yeah I wish.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You do not carry anyone\uc0{\u8217}s sins but your own}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Focus on the fact that you have a gift,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And you\uc0{\u8217}re gonna be thankful for that and you are gonna develop it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I know it is hard}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Life is hard, it is unfair and it is lousy}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I would change everything for you If I could}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We\uc0{\u8217}re gonna find our way forward together, because I am always here for you}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And I believe in you\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I heard this dialogue from\uc0{\u8221} sweet magnolias\uc0{\u8221} a profound sadness weighed on my heart. This conversation reminded me of all the sweet words I could have heard but never did.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My relationship with my mother is something like an unhealed wound.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I miss her, it bleeds over and over again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When a mother is playing with her child in a park, it bleeds.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When my friend\uc0{\u8217}s phone rings and\uc0{\u160} her mother is on the line. I remember my mother never cared about what is going on in my life.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I need her to hold me, I realize I can\uc0{\u8217}t remember the last time she hugged me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I wanted to kiss her, after getting home from school and she rejected me and pushed me away, made a huge question in my mind,\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why does she despise me?\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why her gift to me is a wound that always flares up and hurts.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I\uc0{\u8217}m about to turn thirty but I still want someone to adopt me. I mean, I really need a mother who let me be a little girl\uc0{\u160} next to her even when I am an adult woman.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The countless beautiful emotions I haven\uc0{\u8217}t yet experienced make me wish I could return to being a child, with a mother who would indulge me and take care of me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Had I had a nurturing mother who showed me love, I might not need to be working so hard to overcome the emotional struggles that weren\uc0{\u8217}t my fault.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To me, a mother is like a guiding star, showing her child the path of life , allowing them to see everything ahead with clarity. My mother deprived this luminescence from me, leaving the paths ahead of me shrouded in darkness and filled with uncertainty.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I always blame my mother for everything,\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was just a little girl, who needed to be loved.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The reason I have decided to never bring a child into the world might be because I never had the experience of having a mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My aim is to be my own mother, To hold, give strength and encouragement to myself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The most significant thing is singing a lullaby to myself at night just like when a mother sings a lullaby to her child.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You Are My Sunshine\uc0{\u8217} is a lovely song by Christina Perri.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You are my sunshine}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My only sunshine}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You make me happy}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When skies are gray}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You\uc0{\u8217}ll never know, dear}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 How much I love you}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Please don\uc0{\u8217}t take\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sunshine away\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I always have to remind myself,\uc0{\u160} no matter how my mother has treated me. I am precious. I am loveable.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Little me,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Do not worry, you are going to be loved, admired and \uc0{\u8230}! I take care of you.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Your biggest duty is to be your first love.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hug yourself, when you are wounded.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When you are desperate, take time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Give yourself affection!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But never let yourself believe that you are not worthy of love.}}\par
\sect
}