{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy03\hr17\min16\sec44}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy03\hr17\min16\sec44}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was very disappointed with what I saw in the small bush alongside the road going to the Lilongwe bus stop. I saw three girls changing their school uniforms and they put on their civilian clothes. In my mind I was asking myself why these girls were doing that kind of things on the road instead of finding a private place to do that. I was super curious to know why. It was not only me but other people who were passing were also surprised to see that kind of incident. After the girls finished changing their clothes, they put them in their school bags that they were carrying. I wanted to approach them but I was reluctant since I was in a hurry.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However, my heart was never at ease to see young girls doing such a thing yet they were supposed to do it at their homes. On the weekend, I went back home coming from Salima District. On my way going back home, I saw one of the girls and I stopped her. I greeted her nicely and she responded but in a shocking way. I asked her about what I saw 2 days ago. I asked her in a nice way and she was pretending not to be one of those girls I saw on my way heading to the bus stop. When I insisted, she told me the truth about what was going on in the small bush.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The girl told me that they were going to a party and they were not supposed to go there with school uniform. This was a very shocking response to me. I could not imagine to see young girls knocking off at school before time and attend parties without their parents\uc0{\u8217} concerns. I asked her if their parents knew that they were carrying other clothes in their bags and she told me that their parents had no idea. I told her that I was disappointed in her since she is beautiful and she is playing with her future if she keeps doing what she was doing with her friends.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She promised me that she will never do that again and she will also advise her friends so that they cannot do that again. I told her that the community is relying on them since they are still young and they have full potential to change the community to a better place if they stop behaving in a way that will humiliate them in the community. From that day until now, the girls do not attend parties anymore and when they go to school, they do not knock off before time or attend house parties without their parents\uc0{\u8217} consent since it is immoral to do that. I wish to see young girls in my community avoiding immoral behaviors since their parents expect them to be good children. I am happy that the girls listened to me and stopped changing clothes in the bush to attend house parties.}}\par
\sect
}