{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy31\hr20\min58\sec27}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy31\hr20\min58\sec27}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As a writer one of my daily routines involves going through my social media platforms to read and find out what goes on in the world around and beyond me. Well I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help but notice some interesting social media \uc0{\u8220}traits\uc0{\u8221} (as I will call these), we laugh differently from country to country in Africa on Whatsapp and Facebook.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kkkkkkk\uc0{\u8230}..in the country of my birth Zimbabwe represents a hearty laugh over a joke or any other matter. Every Zimbabwean, either at home or abroad in Europe or North America writes kkk as a digital way to express a laugh. We understand that social media lingo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was just a few weeks ago, when the unexpected retirement of Liz Truss as a prime minister in the UK that I deeply understood something. I used to assume that saying\uc0{\u160} kkkkkkk means every African friend reading my Whatsapp or Facebook message on social media would automatically know kkkkkkkk means laugh. How wrong I was.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As soon as the silly news from the UK filtered, there were a social media friends in Nigerian, the most populous country on our continent. Friends in Nigeria were were writing \uc0{\u8216}Wahala\uc0{\u8217}, which I write back my Zimbabwean lingo kkkkkkkk. My Nigerian friends went cold and didn\uc0{\u8217}t\uc0{\u8217} reply until I realised they don\uc0{\u8217}t understand that kkkkkkkkkk means laugh. In fact to them \uc0{\u8211} \uc0{\u8216}Wahala\uc0{\u8217} is how they write laugh on WhatsApp of Facebook chatroom.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My curiously discovery that we Africans don\uc0{\u8217}t write laughing with the same social media lingo brought me to South Africa, a neighbor country of ours and the most industrialized country in Africa. \uc0{\u8216}hebana!\uc0{\u8217} a south African responded to news from the UK. I quickly replied kkkkk. They went cold unable to decode the bloody laugh from me \uc0{\u8211} until I realised \uc0{\u8216}hebana\uc0{\u8217} is our neighbours way of typing laughs on social media \uc0{\u8211} not my kkkkkk.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All these social media styles haves same meaning: they express shock in a sarcastic manner. I\uc0{\u8217}m not necessarily talking about Liz here, I\uc0{\u8217}m just talking about social media language/ slang having some discernible qualities and characteristics which in this case differs from country to country here in Africa}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 If you scroll through a\uc0{\u160} Whats-app group chat consisting of several Africans from different countries your be quick to notice a \uc0{\u8216}kkkk\uc0{\u8217} mostly coming from Zimbabwean group members, that the geography of digital writing which sells out one\uc0{\u8217}s Zimbabwean identity merely by noting laughs printed as kkkkk}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Zambians, who are our neighboring countries to the north, I noticed that they prefer to type \uc0{\u8216}ha ha\uc0{\u8217} in response to a ridiculous situation. I have always wondered why my Zambian friends usually go cold, and don\uc0{\u8217}t type back fast whenever I writer our Zimbabwean kkkkk. Now I understand ha ha ha is the Zambian way of a laugh to steam of a silly situation, where as for us Zimbabwe to type\uc0{\u160} ha ha ha means we are not really laughing at a situation or a person, but we are mocking them. Perhaps that\uc0{\u8217}s why typing ha ha ha by us Zimbabweans is a bit sensitive.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I then casually asked one of my Zimbabwean colleagues why\uc0{\u160} she types \uc0{\u8216}kkk\uc0{\u8217} on writing on social mead and her answer was simple. \uc0{\u8216}I only have to press a single letter because I am not a keyboard warrior\uc0{\u8217}. ( \uc0{\u8216}Keyboard warrior\uc0{\u8217} is a term used to describe people who interact more on social media that real life).}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Does all this detail matter though on Whatsapp platform? Probably how one laughs would in a certain way give you an identity ? I would know this twitter comment is from a Zambian twitter user by a mere \uc0{\u8216}ha ha\uc0{\u8217}? \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}From my typical Zimbabwean perspective, I would naturally expect a 55 year old to reply me with a \uc0{\u8216}kkk\uc0{\u8217} more than I would expect a \uc0{\u8216}lol\uc0{\u8217}. This goes beyond age, its culture. For me to type \uc0{\u8216}lol\uc0{\u8217} in a family group chat, that would\uc0{\u160} in a way come out in a misunderstood manner, and last time I did that, I immediately received a call from my mother asking why \uc0{\u8220} I was forcing myself to laugh in a family group\uc0{\u8217} So you see, how my mother\uc0{\u8217}s brain has been wired towards a certain type of slang being disrespectful and how where one comes from can limit what you can write and how you should write it? She is definitely not the only who feels that way towards some certain Whatsapp terms, a company whats-app group I happened to come across clearly states that only words like noted are to be used to maintain professionalism!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All this being said , does the way I laugh on Whatsapp impose something on me as a human being? Food for thought!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Internet slang is a new language with innovative and novel characteristics and cannot be separated from the world. It has become a culture of some sort hence the notable differences involving its use.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Well \uc0{\u8211} what did I say again? Kkkkk.}}\par
\sect
}