{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy18\hr12\min30\sec12}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy18\hr12\min30\sec12}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0 It is almost dusk and the sun is leaving the sky again. The sun\uc0{\u8217}s footprints can be seen as a red line in the sky. The lights of the streets, houses, and shops are gradually turning on\uc0{\u1548} and it makes the night\uc0{\u8217}s darkness less. Usually during evening hours, the streets are more crowded than the rest of the day. Tired and exhausted, Ali is going home after spending another hard and sad day. He is wearing threadbare white clothes with many black stains on it, and the lower part of his shirt is patched in several places. His shoes are worse. They are smaller than his feet, and he has been able to force half of his feet into the shoes. When he steps, his half-protruding feet hits the pavement. This is the reason why his feet\uc0{\u8217}s heels are so cracked. Also, the front of his shoes have several large tears so big that his big toe sticks out of his shoes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0 He is carrying a blue bag on his shoulder that has the word \uc0{\u8221}UNICEF\uc0{\u8221} written on it. This bag is one of UNICEF\uc0{\u8217}s aid for Afghan student children. Instead of putting book and pen in it and going to school, Ali has to put his work tools in it and work in the streets to gain a loaf of bread. Ali\uc0{\u8217}s face shows signs of fatigue. It is known that he has kept his eyes open by force, and he has no more strength to walk. His hair is disheveled and dirty, and there are some black shoe-colored stains on his face. Ali is one of the street children who at a very young age has to provide for his family by waxing shoes on the streets.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is very common to see such boys and even girls in Afghanistan, and it does not attract anyone\uc0{\u8217}s attention. As they got used to living like this, others also got used to seeing them in the streets. Ali is also one of those working children. Sadness has made his face dull. A sadness that is not going to leave his life soon. After passing through several alleys and streets, he finally stops. The smell of hot bread coming from a bakery has forced him to stop. He stands in a corner and stares at bread piled up at the front of the shop. He has wandered the streets all day looking for some money and now he is hungry. He tried his best, but he still could not get more than 50 Afghanis. With that money, he can only buy half of his mother\uc0{\u8217}s medicines. He does not know what he is going to take home to eat tonight. His mother and siblings are waiting for Ali to return home and buy a few loaves of bread with the money he earned so that they can delay their death one more night and feed their hungry stomachs. Ali is really worried. Either he has to buy medicines for his mother who has a heart problem and everyone has to sleep hungry or he has to buy bread and his mother has to bear great pain. He is stuck in a difficult dilemma.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0 As he is immersed in his thoughts, he is staring at the hot breads and enjoying their smell. A thought comes to his mind. For him, this is the only way. He has no other choice. He slowly approaches the bakery without attracting anyone\uc0{\u8217}s attention and waits for an opportunity. Moments pass until a man goes to the bakery to buy bread and starts talking to the baker. Ali thinks that it is the best time to do his plan. He grabs two loaves of bread piled up in front of the bakery and runs away. The baker, who finds out about the theft, immediately and angrily orders his apprentice to go after Ali and arrest him. Ali, despite being tired, runs with great speed from one sidewalk to another. He is scared and worried that he will be arrested. The baker\uc0{\u8217}s apprentice follows Ali as speedily as he can and shouts \uc0{\u8221}Stop escaping. If I catch you, I will kill you\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0 Ali increases his speed and avoids everything that blocks his way. He has only one wish in his heart and that is the baker\uc0{\u8217}s apprentice can not reach him. He only thinks about one thing: that his family is hungry and waiting for bread. He cannot return home empty-handed and say that they have to sleep with an empty stomach. He should not be trapped at any cost. He only repeats the same sentences to himself, \uc0{\u8221}God! I know you do not like theft, but please save me.\uc0{\u8221} His feet get stuck several times to the ground and he is about to fall, but he controls himself and does not stop running.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As he runs, he sees an intersection that he has to cross. He should pass so that he can escape from the baker\uc0{\u8217}s apprentice. He runs towards the road at speedily without noticing the fast passing cars. At this time of the day, the road is very crowded and dangerous. Ali is panting due to exhaustion, but still he continues to run. He turns his head to look behind him and make sure the baker\uc0{\u8217}s apprentice is no longer following him. At this moment, he dose not notice a car that is coming towards him at a high speed and crashes into him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The car throws Ali a few meters away with a strong impact. Ali is lying on the ground in a semi-conscious state with his whole face covered with blood. He is still carrying his bag on shoulder. He has kept his eyes open and stared at the bread that had fallen on the ground a little further. People have gathered and looked at him. Ali whispers softly, \uc0{\u8221}God saved me.\uc0{\u8221} Ali\uc0{\u8217}s soul flies while his eyes are fixed on bread. He no longer hears a sound and there is no need to escape from someone. Ali\uc0{\u8217}s body is lying breathless on the street\uc0{\u8217}s floor and now he is calm.}}\par
\sect
}