{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy05\hr22\min40\sec55}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy05\hr22\min40\sec55}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160}Lost of Identity Alert! (part one)}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Wait, how old am I again?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}I was raised by my sister after we got separated from my mom years back. But my sister was always the one taking on the responsibility of caring for me and her own children. Our mom was constantly away, caught up in the struggle to make a living and provide for us. Her absence wasn\uc0{\u8217}t just physical but emotional and cultural. I missed out on so many family stories, traditions, and most importantly, a sense of identity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The absence of the so-called biological father added another layer of complexity. He disappeared on the very first day my sister and I were born and never even wished to see my face , not even a hug. From what I\uc0{\u8217}ve been told, he left the moment he learned we were girls. In our culture, a father traditionally gives his children names, but since he was never there, we were left without names, without a defined identity. It felt like we were missing a vital part of ourselves, something fundamental that was denied to us by the very person who was supposed to provide it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Just after my twin sister and I were born, no one had a name prepared for us, so they chose the common name every twin in my culture has.\uc0{\u160} that wasn\uc0{\u8217}t even a proper name.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 just the beginning of my story, How shocking!,\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The family name was a mystery, its origin unknown. One day, while lost in the world of technology on Facebook, I saw a friend request from someone claiming to know me. I asked my sister if she knew the person, and she felt like she did. He was a brother of the so-called biological father from another mother, who had grown up with him but had also been abandoned when the father chose to leave.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wondered, who could be so heartless as to father children without any plans of being a responsible parent? But there were no answers. Just overthinking myself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The stranger asked if I had been adopted because of our family name. I told him no, that was our family. He insisted it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t our real family name and revealed the true name of our so-called biological father and grandparents, which was completely different from the name we had.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I asked my sister if my mom ever told her about anything on our family name but she had no idea as well.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was shocked and deeply confused. Who was I really? What was my true identity?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had to comfort myself by saying that at least I didn\uc0{\u8217}t resemble him in any way, otherwise I would also run away from my children after I give birth.. I was relieved that his image wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t haunt my dreams, despite the mess he had created in my life. (just being funny but i mean it)}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Days passed and months passed and I moved on but I definitely had a plan to change my name to something else.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And\uc0{\u160} thought I had it all figured out.\uc0{\u160} I felt for sure a sense of independence that made me feel like I was fully an adult. But then something happened that rocked my world. Again aish!!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 (Foreshadowing )One day, we had a very important document that we were going to apply for but it only required citizens from my home country. We never had any documents showing our true identity as true citizens of that country.\uc0{\u160} Out of curiosity my elder sister told me to search for the documents folder we used for traveling . because they were documents my mom kept there and we used them to travel to the place we were living.\uc0{\u160} We opened the folder but there were a lot of papers inside to find what we were looking for. Inside were various papers, photographs. I opened it and found a birth certificate copy that no one had seen in years.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My heart raced as I carefully unfolded the document. There it was: my name, my parents\uc0{\u8217} names, and a date that made me freeze. According to this birth certificate, I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t born on a date I have been knowing and celebrating for years. My actual birth date was a different one. For years, I had been celebrating the wrong day, living under a false impression of my own identity. No wonder I started celebrating my birthday a year before this incident happened.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The confusion hit me hard. I felt a wave of betrayal and sadness, as if the foundation of who I thought I was had been shaken. But more than that, I felt a profound sense of loss. Growing up without my parents had deprived me of not just a family but of a true understanding of who I was.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Have you ever felt like your whole life has been fake and full of betrayal?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I felt like betrayal was all I deserve after remembering a biological father abandoning us in the hospital just the same day we came to earth, marking a bad foundation throughout my life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I tried to fake it as if I don\uc0{\u8217}t care since I learnt that my whole life has been fake. The only real thing was the breath in my hand.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Suddenly, I found myself questioning everything. Who was I really? How could I have lived so long celebrating a date that wasn\uc0{\u8217}t even mine? It wasn\uc0{\u8217}t just about the birthday, it was about the larger question of identity and belonging. If I didn\uc0{\u8217}t even know my own birthday, what else didn\uc0{\u8217}t I know about myself?\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I asked my brother in law who we have lived with for a long time. What my age was and he was just guessing and I asked him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Who said this birthday i have been celebrating was my age?? I don\uc0{\u8217}t know, he replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Wow , this all sounds dramatic to me and I thought I didn\uc0{\u8217}t need to put my thoughts into this . otherwise i\uc0{\u8217}m gonna overthink to the point of bursting my brain.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But as I sat there, holding that old certificate copy, something shifted within me. Yes, I felt lost, but maybe I could use this as a stepping stone. This discovery, though disorienting, was also a chance to rebuild. To start from scratch and piece together the fragments of my identity that had been scattered throughout my fragmented childhood.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I learned that identity isn\uc0{\u8217}t just about knowing facts like your birth date. It\uc0{\u8217}s about understanding where you come from and how that shapes who you are.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So yes, it\uc0{\u8217}s true. I may not have had a stable start, and I might still struggle with questions about my identity. But I\uc0{\u8217}m learning that even if your past is confusing and fragmented, it doesn\uc0{\u8217}t have to define your future. With each step forward, I\uc0{\u8217}m learning to embrace who I am and celebrate the unique path that has brought me here. But I am not gonna celebrate my birthday anymore until I convince myself to be where I want to be. Living without parents is just a mess in one\uc0{\u8217}s life but also i don\uc0{\u8217}t just mean a mere word parents but responsible ones.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And I literally don\uc0{\u8217}t regret growing up without parents but just having some sense of humanity.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}