{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy07\hr22\min48\sec49}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy07\hr22\min48\sec49}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lost in the chaos }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My brother Joshua and I lived in a small village called Napoleka in South Sudan with our family of five. My father, mother and two sisters. Joshua and I were very close and did everything together. We used to play together, look after goats, and the most interesting thing is that we used to have some little fights between us. This strengthened our brotherhood. However, one day our village was attacked by a group of militants, and our family were killed in front of our eyes. The incident happened in the evening. We were seated at home waiting for supper. My mother was in the kitchen preparing supper while the rest of us were seated around the table. We were inside the house. We had someone knocking at the door. My younger sister went and opened. When she opened the door, paaah! she was shot and died on the spot. \uc0{\u8220}Everyone down!\uc0{\u8221} The head of the militants shouted at us while pointing the guns at us. We all knelt down with our hands on our heads. \uc0{\u8220}Please don\uc0{\u8217}t kill us\uc0{\u8221} my father pleaded to them. \uc0{\u8220}Close your dirty mouth\uc0{\u8221} another militant shouted at my father while hitting him with the back of the gun. They were 4 of them. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mama was crying in the kitchen. They heard her voice. \uc0{\u8220}Go and check who is in there\uc0{\u8221} the head of the militant ordered the other militant to go and check. We heard 5 gunshots and the militant came back. My heart was racing so first. I knew that my mother is gone. At that moment we heard chaos outside. The other villagers heard gunshots and were running. They were making a lot of noise. It was total chaos. The militants thought that the villagers are coming to our house. As they wanted to run outside, my father grabbed one of them. As he grabbed him, he shot my father. \uc0{\u8220}Baba! Baba!\uc0{\u8221} We cried. As my father fell down while bleeding heavily. We went and held him. \uc0{\u8220}My sons please find a way of leaving this place, run as fast as you can\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}..\uc0{\u8221} and then he died. We ran outside and got lost in the chaos. Little did we know that the entire village was under attack. We ran in different directions. We managed to escape the attack, but we got separated in the chaos. I managed to flee with a group of people from the village to a nearby town. We were group of 25 individuals. We found a good samaritan in that town who helped and drove us in his lorry to the boarder of Kenya and South Sudan called Nadapal. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a 7 hours drive from the town to Nadapal. When we reached, we were received by Kenya Red Cross. They gave us water and some bread because we were very hungry and thirsty. I felt relieved but I was worried about my brother because I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know where he was. We thanked the kind-hearted man who brought us to Nadapal. The Kenya red cross then brought us to Kenya in Kakuma refugee camp as refugees. I finally felt relieved because i found a home, a purpose and a piece of mind. I was still traumatized by what had happened to my family, and I struggled so hard to come to terms with my loss. The refugee camp was a difficult place to live, with limited resources and overcrowded conditions. I never gave up on finding my brother. I struggled to find any information about his whereabouts through red cross, and i often felt alone and isolated. I spent my days helping out at the camp, distributing food and water to other refugees and doing whatever so that i could make a difference.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite the difficult conditions, I never gave up hope that i would one day be reunited with my brother. I held onto the memories of our\uc0{\u160} childhood together, and I prayed that somehow we would find each other again. Years passed, and I continued to live in the refugee camp. I made many friends and found a sense of purpose in helping others, but I never forgot about my brother. One day, i received a message that my brother had been found alive in another Dadaab refugee camp, and I was overjoyed. I quickly made arrangements to travel to the other camp, and when i finally saw my brother again, we embraced each other tightly, both of us overcome with emotion. We spent the next few weeks catching up on everything that had happened to us since we were separated, and we vowed to never let anything come between us again.}}\par
\sect
}