{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo07\dy30\hr22\min42\sec57}{\revtim \yr2022\mo07\dy30\hr22\min42\sec57}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Love Wins: a Story of the Wielewaal}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 by Kip Vader}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You can tell if the screams are from peacocks or from people by the direction. From the East, where the front door faces, it\uc0{\u8217}s peacocks. A dozen of these pompous birds stroll the grounds of a small teaching farm that kids visit from all over the city, just past the meadow and the tram stop. From the West, behind the house and its tiny garden, it\uc0{\u8217}s usually people, all of the differently-abled residents of the VIVIAN Institute, making their perambulations around the neighborhood. Mostly they walk in groups with a counselor and, as with the birds, the screaming of one will trigger a chorus of sympathetic screams from the others. While it might startle and frighten at first, these are joyful sounds, yodels as much as they are screams, more pleasing than the screeches of the horny birds. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The peacocks are at their worst when rutting, which seems to be a year-round thing. Breeding has no season among the captives of Rotterdam. Like so many of their human neighbors the peacocks are a kind of prisoner, with little else to do. When they\uc0{\u8217}re not being fed or having their straw turned they\uc0{\u8217}re mostly fucking. Children scream too, of course, usually from the direction of the teaching farm (East), where the grim violence of peacocks fucking has shocked or upset them. It\uc0{\u8217}s hard to say what exactly they teach at the teaching farm; but the curriculum at the VIVIAN Institute is more clear. As the name indicates, \uc0{\u8220}life\uc0{\u8221} is their lesson plan\uc0{\u8212}a viable life for special people whose differences from the norm put them at risk in the world. This neighborhood, de Wielewaal, is home to all kinds of broken lives and a growing number of educational initiatives meant to serve them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 De Wielewaal sits apart from Rotterdam, the city that contains it, sheltered near the old harbor like a small town in a hollow. You can feel the calm and relief, like a breath let-go, as you leave the tram and cross the bosky meadow to the houses. Like a small town in a hollow is absurd because, in fact, Rotterdam has no hollows and no hills nor ridges behind which to shelter\uc0{\u8212}only a flat, endless horizon blurring into the profitable sea under a vast sky of towering clouds. Wielewaal\uc0{\u8217}s calm apartness and the sensation of shelter, are mostly created by the tall trees that line its edges, plus the sleeping dike that rises between the houses and the nearby harbor, on the River Maas. And what spectacular clouds! The bergen op de lucht, as the Dutch painters called them: the mountains of the air. These variform clouds blow off the North Sea and sweep past Wielewaal, restlessly heading East in search of an elevation that might slow or stop them, something bigger or more threatening than de Wielewaal, anyway.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Wielewaal is the Dutch name for the birds we call \uc0{\u8220}orioles,\uc0{\u8221} but in this case it identifies a spot midway between two lakes, The Wiel and The Waal, close to Rotterdam\uc0{\u8217}s busy harbor. It was built in 1949 to house dock workers and their families. The defeated Germans had withdrawn, and now the Port of Rotterdam would rise again to help the free United Netherlands recover from its wartime losses. It is more of a \uc0{\u8220}project,\uc0{\u8221} really, than it is a neighborhood, comprising hundreds of identical houses, each with a small garden, laid out all at once across a boggy wetlands between the lakes. Originally built as temporary housing, de Wielewaal was meant to be torn down in 1975\uc0{\u8212}that is to say, almost fifty years ago. Of the 500 or so houses built in 1949, fewer than 200 remain\uc0{\u8212}and they will all be destroyed in the next four years, mine included.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the keeper of this story please let me apologize for establishing so depressing a plot. Yes, de Wielewaal is unique. It is beloved and treasured by its inhabitants. And yes, the crushing wheel of progress will soon grind all that we love into dust, leaving behind nothing but memories and forgetting. The bankers smell money. The city\uc0{\u8217}s restless builders are itching to flex their muscles again. Four years will sweep past like a storm off the North Sea, and de Wielewaal will be gone forever. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That\uc0{\u8217}s the backdrop. Every small story has a bigger more terrible one poised to obliterate it. De Wielewaal\uc0{\u8217}s inevitable destruction is the background to a more surprising tale, an account I\uc0{\u8217}ll give you of pensioners and newlyweds, the skilled and jobless, squatters and anti-squatters, sexy patriotic grifters, a wild fox that threatened my chicken, rutting peacocks, wandering groups of \uc0{\u8220}lunatics\uc0{\u8221} (used to be the acceptable word), widowers with dogs, unlicensed plumbers, refugees and their children pulling bikes from the murky canals, and families roasting pig\uc0{\u8217}s neck on barrel-fires in their back garden, even as the December snow began to fall. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The chicken is actually my neighbor\uc0{\u8217}s, but I call her \uc0{\u8220}my chicken\uc0{\u8221} because she visits me every day. I enjoy a cocktail at dusk, always in my garden, and I like to eat Doritos with my cocktail. I prefer the classic Nacho Cheese, but have recently discovered an irresistible combination called, \uc0{\u8220}Collisions\uc0{\u8212}Lemon Blast and Honey Glazed Ribs.\uc0{\u8221} I bought 48 bags of these \uc0{\u8220}Collisions\uc0{\u8221} because they are a temporary promotional item that will disappear from the stores within a few months. The chicken visits every day at cocktail hour, promptly. She loves the Nacho Cheese and will accept Honey Glazed Ribs, but she won\uc0{\u8217}t touch the Lemon Blast. I\uc0{\u8217}ve noticed that she also eats every sunflower seed in the feed that I buy for her at the pet store, then leaves the rest to rot. She\uc0{\u8217}s a picky eater, but so am I. Other birds visit my garden, and they eat whatever my chicken neglects.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In December, dusk falls around 4:30, and I have my cocktail then.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   \uc0{\u8220}What are you writing?\uc0{\u8221} a nearby neighbor asks over the hedge. His English is excellent, his third or fourth language. He says that his name is \uc0{\u8220}Zlot,\uc0{\u8221} or I hear \uc0{\u8220}Zlot\uc0{\u8221} whenever he tells me his name.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0  \uc0{\u8220}Nothing really,\uc0{\u8221} I answer. \uc0{\u8220}Part of the next job.\uc0{\u8221} Zlot knows I\uc0{\u8217}m a writer, but I misled him into thinking that I ghostwrite dull books about business management (a partial truth\uc0{\u8212}I make money copy-editing such books, and, because their authors are confident Dutch professionals writing in English, my \uc0{\u8220}copy editing\uc0{\u8221} swiftly becomes ghostwriting). Zlot is bored by my work, which is the point of my lie. \uc0{\u8220}Did Franky come through?\uc0{\u8221} he asks, meaning his nearly-blind schnauzer. Franky is a sweet old dog who runs so low to the ground that he resembles wind-blown trash. I know when he\uc0{\u8217}s near by the rustling he makes in the underbrush.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0  \uc0{\u8220}Not since I\uc0{\u8217}ve been out here,\uc0{\u8221} I say. Franky also smells, the peculiar funk of an older dog who shits involuntarily and does not mind sleeping in it. Whenever Franky is close, or recently passed, I can tell.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Zlot must be very bored. Franky\uc0{\u8217}s whereabouts are of no real importance. The dog is known to everyone in de Wielewaal and he\uc0{\u8217}s too lazy to stray far. Another neighbor\uc0{\u8217}s dog, a tiny agitated Pomeranian, famously boarded the tram one day\uc0{\u8212}alone\uc0{\u8212}and rode for a few hours before the conductor booted her off again at our stop. If she hadn\uc0{\u8217}t been so yappy and discontent, the conductor might have never noticed. I like dogs, and I like Franky especially, but I would happily see the Pomeranian depart forever. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0  \uc0{\u8220}He likes the chicken,\uc0{\u8221} Zlot explained.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0  \uc0{\u8220}Franky does?\uc0{\u8221} I asked. \uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s sweet.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0  \uc0{\u8220}They grew up together.\uc0{\u8221} This seemed unlikely. The chicken was not Zlot\uc0{\u8217}s, but Femka\uc0{\u8217}s, a different neighbor. And Femka hadn\uc0{\u8217}t been in Wielewaal long enough to raise a grown chicken, or so I believed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0  \uc0{\u8220}What, here in de Wielewaal?\uc0{\u8221} Franky is very old. His critical organs had been quitting in a fatalistic sequence that could only happen late in life. Any animal that grew up with Frankie would have to be in its late teens, I guessed. \uc0{\u8221}How long do chickens live?\uc0{\u8221} I asked Zlot.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0  \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know,\uc0{\u8221} he said. \uc0{\u8220}This one\uc0{\u8217}s twenty, at least.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0  I was surprised. \uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s old for a chicken, isn\uc0{\u8217}t it?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0  Zlot shrugged. \uc0{\u8220}I have no idea,\uc0{\u8221} he said. \uc0{\u8220}Femka said he got Franky around the time the chicken was hatched. He said they grew up together.\uc0{\u8221} Femka kept chickens and cats, and apparently a dog. I never knew that Franky had also been Femka\uc0{\u8217}s, and I said so to Zlot. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0  \uc0{\u8220}Why did he give him away?\uc0{\u8221} I asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0  \uc0{\u8220}Franky? He was bothering the chickens.\uc0{\u8221} Franky bothering any mobile creature seemed like a stretch. Zlot saw my puzzlement and he filled in with my thoughts, \uc0{\u8220}Exactly, who\uc0{\u8217}d think Franky would be chasing anything?\uc0{\u8221} I glanced at the indifferent chicken, settling into the nest that she\uc0{\u8217}d made beneath my hedge, and I felt suddenly embarrassed by all the ridiculous brand names\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8220}Lemon Blast\uc0{\u8221} and \uc0{\u8220}Honey Glazed Ribs.\uc0{\u8221} I prefer to drink alone, but nevertheless I held the bowl of Doritos up to Zlot. \uc0{\u8220}The chicken likes the Doritos,\uc0{\u8221} I said. \uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s why she visits when I have my cocktail.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0  \uc0{\u8220}And the sunflower seeds!\uc0{\u8221} he added, smiling. It must have been obvious that I craved the chicken\uc0{\u8217}s love\uc0{\u8212}perhaps anyone\uc0{\u8217}s love\uc0{\u8212}or attention anyway. Zlot was a kind man and I accepted all his kidding with a shy nod. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At the house just beyond Zlot\uc0{\u8217}s, with its garden visible from mine, Vivian Burke had recently moved in\uc0{\u8212}a rare exception to the round-robin of squatters and anti-squatters whose comings and goings marked our neighborhood and shaped its fate. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To understand de Wielewaal and the many places like it you should know that in the few, mostly European, countries that still consider safe housing to be a basic human right, the widespread practice of squatting\uc0{\u8212}moving into an empty property without permission from the owners\uc0{\u8212}has, in the last few decades, birthed a counter-action called \uc0{\u8220}anti-squatting.\uc0{\u8221} Squatters assert their right to safe housing by claiming it wherever a property lies unused, usually because the owner\uc0{\u8217}s interest in profit is better served by vacancy than by use. For such an owner, their property is not a feature of the world that should enjoy use\uc0{\u8212}it\uc0{\u8217}s a fungible token of finance, a number in their list of assets. And when that number diminishes because of tenants who are not obliged to pay the owner whatever the market says is optimal (that is, any tenant with a fixed rent) vacancy becomes the owner\uc0{\u8217}s preferred strategy. By hook or by crook, the tenants are forced out; and, so long as it is legal, the owner keeps the property empty\uc0{\u8212}awaiting the pay-off: which is to sell or resume renting when the price is at its highest. The hitch in this otherwise foolproof bit of European neo-liberalism, is the stubborn fact that safe housing is a human right. So, as long as there is a human trying to exercise his basic rights on your property, you are restricted in what you can do. You can\uc0{\u8217}t call the police and demand that they remove the squatter. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The only effective block to a squatter is an other human\uc0{\u8212}a person more agreeable to the owner, someone content to pursue his basic right to safe housing without being as recalcitrant or demanding as the squatter. This person\uc0{\u8212}the one who decides it\uc0{\u8217}s best to become the lap-dog of an owner and relinquish all of his legal rights\uc0{\u8212}is an \uc0{\u8220}anti-squatter.\uc0{\u8221} And why would anyone relinquish their rights?\uc0{\u8212}In order to live somewhere they can afford. I am effectively an anti-squatter. The house where I live in de Wielewaal is mine because I promised the owners that I\uc0{\u8217}d do their bidding rather than asserting my rights. Desperate for safe housing, all anti-squatters sign-away our hopes for security or permanence, in order to gain the owner\uc0{\u8217}s favor. Once we\uc0{\u8217}ve moved in, squatters cannot claim the property is \uc0{\u8220}unused.\uc0{\u8221} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Zlot had been in Wielewaal long enough to be a normal renter, that is, neither a squatter nor an anti-squatter. He\uc0{\u8217}d arrived well before we got our death sentence. I arrived later, after the playing field was reduced to this squatting binary. I have neither the courage nor the safety-net that squatting requires. I\uc0{\u8217}m an average renter, obliged to court favor with whomever owns the property. So I was lucky to find a group of ex-squatters who had tried to institutionalize their habits in the hope of extending their occupation indefinitely into the future.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The list of squatters who became anti-squatters is probably long, but it is rarely advertised. It was exactly that felicitous evolution that let me move into de Wielewaal. If I had to sell out, I wanted to sell out to idealists who were as deluded as I. Two-dozen of us signed on for housing in de Wielewaal with an anti-squat founded by squatters, an arts stichting (a Dutch word meaning, roughly, \uc0{\u8220}foundation,\uc0{\u8221} which is a legal instrument that Dutch people use to institutionalize their life-styles and make them permanent) that offered us a way out. Our landlords were Stichting BAD; I cannot account for the name. All the renters were writers and artists seeking low rent. We were willing to accept the total lack of rights accorded to any rich landlord\uc0{\u8217}s lapdog (willing to give up on our lives, whenever the landlord beckoned us to do so), but we wanted a more respectable landlord. We were hair-splitters who preferred to make our bargain with some slightly more-virtuous devil. So, we made our anti-squatting promise to Stichting BAD, 3 ex-Hippie idealists whom we thought would never tell us to leave nor give up our rights. I was a true-believer. I pledged to stay in my hovel\uc0{\u8212}with its enviable garden\uc0{\u8212}until they tore it down, or for longer if I could manage it. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Vivian Burke was different. As the newly appointed director of the VIVIAN Institute, she had moved into a house identical to mine, but she was granted all of the rights and entitlements of the rich land-owners (whereas I lacked those things). It was a coin-flip whether or not Zlot enjoyed any of these rights. He was a captive of poverty, as were most residents of de Wielewaal. But Vivian, as the new ED of a project beloved by her bosses and most of de Wielewaal, had moved into the master\uc0{\u8217}s house. How very Dutch, for me discover that the master\uc0{\u8217}s house differed not at all from mine. Only our futures would diverge in any significant way.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Privileged or not all new neighbors received the customary welcome that every Dutch polder is obliged to give, a declaration of hope and investment in our common fate. Vivian and Zlot, and I and everyone would drown together in any flood that we failed to stanch: imposing on us a kind of existential democracy that the lands above sea-level fatally lacked. }}\par
\sect
}