{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy08\hr08\min29\sec48}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy08\hr08\min29\sec48}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 HEY, I\uc0{\u8217}m Jessica and I suck at making decisions, particular in my love life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Previously, I lived in California, Los Angeles. Let\uc0{\u8217}s just say that I was your average nerd, I like reading books, and staying home in the comfort of my bed but that all changed when I had to move, because mom had a promotion at work.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It had been mom and me against the world, dad decided that he didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to be present in our lives so he left. I was happy that mom had a the promotion she\uc0{\u8217}s been working for but I was really sad that I have to leave the only home I know.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the tenth grade, I had just moved to down town Pennsylvania. It was a new start for me, I had new environment and new people. It was like any other day, in Mrs Jackson\uc0{\u8217}s class, until I saw Liam walking into the class, he came late because he had a football meeting. Liam was the hottest boy to exist in my world and in the whole school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At that moment I instantly knew that Liam was my one and only, the love of my life, the father of my kids. At that exact moment I realized that I have a wild imagination. It\uc0{\u8217}s couldn\uc0{\u8217}t be possible, Me dating a ten out of ten, while I\uc0{\u8217}m a four of out of ten. I\uc0{\u8217}m a five good days but mostly a four.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Josh who was my online bestfriend had became my only bestfriend because he stayed in Pennsylvania and I begged mom to put me in the same school as him. First time seeing Josh face to face, he was actually really cute but couldn\uc0{\u8217}t match up to Liam in my opinion.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I always noticed a weird vibe when I spend time with Josh, he always stared at me and when I confronted him about it, he told me, \uc0{\u8221}Ohh you have a fly on your face\uc0{\u8221}, that was his excuse all the time, but it really didn\uc0{\u8217}t bother me that much because he was my bestfriend.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day in Miss Peterson\uc0{\u8217}s class, I had noticed that Liam came to sit next to me and stared conversating. I was shocked, I never thought that a four out of ten, would be talking to a ten out of ten. It\uc0{\u8217}s a record in my books. After our conversation I realized that Liam is actually a really cool person and maybe my imagination was coming to life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When Liam left, Josh seemed to be upset with me, his anger seem to grow day by day as me and Liam spoke each day. I never really understood why, Josh and I just grew distance and I really missed him, the thought of me loving Josh can into my head but I dismissed it. Josh is my bestfriend there is no way we can be more that friends right?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The night before homecoming, Liam asked me to be his girlfriend. I was happy that I finally got my one and only but somehow it didn\uc0{\u8217}t feel right. The day of homecoming had arrived and I wore my mom\uc0{\u8217}s black silky gown that her mom had given her. I looked in the mirror wearing my gown and still felt uneasy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I went with Liam. People were in dismay that Liam went to homecoming with a unpopular kid, but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t mind their them cause I knew that I was dating the hottest boy in the whole school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had noticed that Josh was dancing with one of the prettiest girls I have ever seen, and a bit of jealous grew. I asked myself why am I jealous? I have Liam, I shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t be jealous right?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Liam had left to go to the toilet and I took that opportunity to talk to Josh, while conversating Josh instantly kissed me, I was surprised, he had confessed his feelings for me and I was in glee, at that moment I realized I thought, I loved Liam but I loved the thought of being with him and that Josh is truly my one and only.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had apologized to Liam and we broke up on the night of homecoming. The next day Josh and I were finally a new couple in t}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 own, and I was happy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}