{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy04\hr19\min24\sec24}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy04\hr19\min24\sec24}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 **Love Never Dies**}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The night, with all its might, had spread its darkness over the earth. It was as if the earth was a child, wrapped in the embrace of its mother. The people of the city were in their final rush to get home, hoping to wash away the fatigue of the workday by spending hours with their families. A shopkeeper was closing his store, a taxi was dropping off its last passenger, and people from all walks of life\uc0{\u8212}old and young, men and women\uc0{\u8212}were heading to the train and bus stations to catch the last vehicles to reach their homes more comfortably.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the middle of this bustling city, slowly winding down for the night, stood a large park. The park, like the rest of the city, was becoming quieter. In a corner of the park, where even during the busiest hours there was little foot traffic, a young man, weary and sad, had buried his head in his hands, as if nothing and no one could pull him out of his misery.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As we approach the young man, we notice his disheveled appearance and tired face. He pulls a cigarette from his pocket and takes a drag, but it seems even the cigarette cannot alleviate his state. He throws the cigarette underfoot and crushes it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young man takes out his mobile phone and dials a number, but hears the operator\uc0{\u8217}s voice announcing, \uc0{\u8221}The number you are trying to reach is turned off.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He puts the phone back in his pocket and buries his head in his hands again. Meanwhile, an old man in a black suit and a round hat approaches the young man. The old man, clearly very tired, sits on a bench next to the young man to rest.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young man is annoyed by the old man\uc0{\u8217}s presence, disrupting his solitude, and mutters to himself, \uc0{\u8221}Of all the places, this old fool had to sit here?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the young man tries to stand up, the old man says, \uc0{\u8221}My son, you don\uc0{\u8217}t need to get up. I just need to rest for a bit and then I\uc0{\u8217}ll leave.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young man sits back down upon hearing this and says nothing. The old man spends a few minutes rubbing his legs and glances at the young man. The young man again takes out his phone and tries calling, but once more gets the same response.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Finally, the old man cannot bear it any longer and says to the young man, \uc0{\u8221}Son, you seem distressed\uc0{\u8230} I don\uc0{\u8217}t mean to intrude, but I have an ear to listen. Talking might help you empty yourself.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young man, frustrated, replies, \uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t have the patience, old man. Let\uc0{\u8217}s forget about it today.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man says nothing. The young man checks his phone for the third time but finds no new messages and angrily puts the phone back in his pocket, saying, \uc0{\u8221}Damn this life, damn this love.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hearing this, the old man says, \uc0{\u8221}Young man, cursing love is not right. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what has happened, but love is something valuable. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t appreciate it, but you should\uc0{\u8230} Being loved and loving someone is the best gift that God can give a person.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young man smirks and says, \uc0{\u8221}These are all fairy tales. You see this stuff in Bollywood and Hollywood movies, but life is beyond films and stories. I love that girl and I do everything for her, but it seems it\uc0{\u8217}s not enough.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man asks, \uc0{\u8221}Does that girl love you too?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young man replies, \uc0{\u8221}Yes, but financial problems have caused us to argue continuously. The last argument we had was this morning, and we said everything we could to each other. Since then, she hasn\uc0{\u8217}t answered me. The love you talk about is for when you have money; if you don\uc0{\u8217}t, you are constantly compared and your affections go unnoticed.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man says, \uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what\uc0{\u8217}s going on between you two, but I can tell you that I had the same problem in my youth. I loved a girl, but out of youthful ignorance, I did something that made her leave. After that, I never found anyone like her again.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young man says, \uc0{\u8221}Tonight, I\uc0{\u8217}m having the same thought. Maybe I want to end everything.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man replies, \uc0{\u8221}Ending things is for when all doors are closed and nothing can be fixed.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young man asks, \uc0{\u8221}So what should I do? I\uc0{\u8217}m exhausted from running and not reaching anything. This girl will eventually get tired and leave. I know she loves me and she\uc0{\u8217}s been by my side, but even patience has its limits.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man responds, \uc0{\u8221}If a girl truly loves a guy, she will stay with him until the end. Let me tell you my story. I came here from a smaller town in my youth. After college, I was unemployed and the jobs I had didn\uc0{\u8217}t lead to much. While I was temporarily working at one job, I met a girl. Initially, it was just a regular friendship, but it gradually turned into love. She always cared for me, stood by me through hard times. She was the best person I had known. She loved me. She tolerated my poverty. One day, we decided to leave the company we were working for, which paid us little, and pursue our dreams, but our efforts didn\uc0{\u8217}t yield results. That girl was always by my side. Her happiness was my only wish, and she wanted my happiness too. She cooked for me, washed my clothes, was with me in joy and sorrow. I remember the first gift I bought her was a radio with her name engraved on it. I saved up, made sacrifices, and lived on bread, cheese, and eggs for a week to buy that radio. Seeing her happiness and the sparkle in her eyes made me feel like the world was mine. But I made a mistake.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mistake was that sometimes, when I got angry and we had arguments\uc0{\u8212}which were naturally due to the pressures of life\uc0{\u8212}I would be foul-mouthed and insult her. But then I would regret it. Regret never helps, and sometimes it becomes too late too soon. I thought she loved me so much that no matter what I did, she would stay with me and not leave. I felt superior to her, but I was unaware that love had made her prefer someone else over me. And eventually, something happened that shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t have\uc0{\u8230} One day, out of intense anger, I began cursing and swearing, and that night I went to a party and betrayed her. That was the greatest mistake of my life. When the girl found out, she broke down. No matter how much I begged and pleaded and said I was sorry, it was all in vain. She left, and I have regretted it for the rest of my life. Later, I got married and now have a son and a daughter-in-law, but I always believe that no one loved me as much as that girl did.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I now advise you to control your anger. If you love her and she loves you, go and mend your relationship.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young man replies, \uc0{\u8221}She does love me. She\uc0{\u8217}s always been there for me. But I fear I might not be able to make her happy. Sometimes, due to work pressure and financial problems, I start making excuses.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man says, \uc0{\u8221}Don\uc0{\u8217}t repeat my mistakes. God has put me in your path today so you can go and build your life. Arguments and fights always happen\uc0{\u8230} build your life. If a girl truly loves you, she will prefer living under a tent with you over living in a palace without you. I\uc0{\u8217}ve seen it myself\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man stands up to leave. The young man says, \uc0{\u8221}Thank you, old man. I\uc0{\u8217}m going to that girl\uc0{\u8217}s house now to apologize in person and try to fix our relationship. Just one question.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man says, \uc0{\u8221}Ask.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young man asks, \uc0{\u8221}Did you ever hear from that girl again?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man replies, \uc0{\u8221}No, after a while, she left this city quietly and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t find her. What always stays with me is the sparkle in her eyes when she saw the radio and my first gift.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young man says, \uc0{\u8221}She must have returned the radio to you, and you kept it.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man says, \uc0{\u8221}No, she took the radio. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know where it is now. Maybe she kept it, maybe she threw it away, or maybe it\uc0{\u8217}s gathering dust in some antique shop. Go now, young man, and fight\uc0{\u8230} your life is just beginning.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man said this and left. The young man stood up, looked in the direction where the old man had gone, and started moving in the opposite direction. The young man\uc0{\u8217}s face now showed a resolve for a new beginning\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}