{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy24\hr11\min31\sec16}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy24\hr11\min31\sec16}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a certain man named Richard was very rich, handsome and intelligent . His parents Jeremy and Kate were also rich. He had a lot of properties, companies, luxurious cars, Richard has grown to be a successful business man he have acquired a lot of wealth and realised that he wanted a woman who would love him unconditionally but all these are in vain because women follow him for his money he has had a lot of heartbreaks, disappointments and decided to disguise himself to a poor man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Richard made a discussion with his parents about the plan, they declined at first but Richard had already made his final decision because he have been shattered by ladies chasing after his money not love, they agreed to his plan the next day, Richard packed his bag and moved to the village as a poor man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Richard lived there for a long time, made a friend named Peter. Richard has met with a lot of girls in the village and they rejected him and said they rather be with a rich man than to follow a poor man like him Richard was hurt by those words but kept on acting along. The next day, he met a beautiful lady on his way, he called her and ask for her name politely she answered my name is Flora he said what a beautiful name she replied thank you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As time goes on, the communication became more stronger and they began to see each other often. Flora one day asked Richard if he has ever fallen in love, Richard was at first quiet and said many times he said Flora why did she ask she said she was just curious about his love life Richard further explaining that he has given up on love for a long time he have been rejected by a lot of girls Flora asked why? he said because of he is poor and she was so sorry for him and gave him a hug and told Richard that there is someone out there that will love him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Months passed by, Richard have grown more affection for Flora and is shy to tell her, he told Peter about his love for Flora Peter advised Richard to go ahead and tell Flora about his feelings, Richard is afraid because he don\uc0{\u8217}t want to be rejected once again Peter encouraged him and told him that not every girl he sees is the same that will reject him for being poor Richard should tell Flora how he feels, the next day he decides to tell her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Richard confessed his love for Flora and told her how he feels about her, Flora replied saying I have had a strong feeling for you since the very first day I met you, I have loved and cherished you I guess we are made for each other. Richard said there is a secret he have been hiding from her, Flora asked what secret? I\uc0{\u8217}m a rich man he said Flora in shock and asked why he disguised himself he replied in tears I\uc0{\u8217}m searching for true love been heart broken several times and stressed because ladies go after my wealth not me. Flora said I understand your pain I have been broken countless times men go after my money because my parents are rich anytime I try to love someone I\uc0{\u8217}m honestly been cheated at. They hugged each other crying she explained that her uncle is in this village that she decided to leave the city to reside with her uncle and her cousins to heal from the pain. Flora and Richard decided to move to the city met with each others parents and decided to get married the next year.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Flora gave birth to twins the following year, Richard become more happier than ever. The lesson to be learnt in this story is that money is not everything, you can\uc0{\u8217}t buy love because when it\uc0{\u8217}s real it\uc0{\u8217}s priceless if Richard had an opportunity to buy love, he will, he is rich but certainly can\uc0{\u8217}t buy love.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}