{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy13\hr07\min16\sec01}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy13\hr07\min16\sec01}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s been a while since I wrote on paper,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mixed feelings enveloping my heart\uc0{\u8217}s vapor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Expressions elusive, hard to define,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 None of this making sense, is it a sign?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dreaming, caught up in a story unknown,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No catch phrase to guide, feeling alone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why can\uc0{\u8217}t I decipher this mystery?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why does my heart race, filled with history?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My heart nods, approving the unfolding tale,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Understanding what\uc0{\u8217}s happening, beyond the veil.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sensation slips through my grasp like an equation,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 X and Y yield the same answer, you, my fixation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 How did I reach this point, I ponder so,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The path that led me here, I do not know.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Complicated thoughts swirl, a tangled mess,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yet, closer to you, with every guess.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Secrets I keep, hidden deep within,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Logic fails, as my heart wears a sweet grin.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Overthinking, perhaps, it\uc0{\u8217}s time to let go,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Listen carefully to what my heart wants to show.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A smile emerges, my face aglow,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Cheeks shining, lifted by lips that know.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tears of joy stream down, a moment recalled,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My body, weightless, as if enthralled.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Heart beats faster than ever before,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Blushing, though my complexion is dark, I adore.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With actions speaking louder, I can\uc0{\u8217}t deny,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I haven\uc0{\u8217}t imagined these words, it\uc0{\u8217}s no lie.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With an enlightened face, a smile so true,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I confess, \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m in love,\uc0{\u8221} and I knew,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In that split moment, it had to be you,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With roaring confidence, I declare, \uc0{\u8221}I love you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}