{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy03\hr13\min33\sec07}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy03\hr13\min33\sec07}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There is this guy on social media who always posts about looking good, traveling, eating at nice places, and driving nice cars. He\uc0{\u8217}s actually pretty good-looking, too. In November last year, he hit up my DM. I was already familiar with him because he\uc0{\u8217}s kind of famous on social media, especially Twitter and Instagram.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was very excited, and I\uc0{\u8217}m not going to lie, I was excited because I thought this guy had money. Having dated a broke guy before, I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t going to date another one. He arranged for a date at Woodlands in Lilongwe, and I even loved his choice of the place.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We met there because I drove, too. He was such a gentleman on the first date, paying for everything. When we were leaving, I saw him get into a nice BMW and drive off. I was so happy. The next weekend, we planned to go out together, and he said he would pick me up that Friday around 7 pm. At 6, he called me to say his car had developed a fault, so I should pick him up. I thought that was cool.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I picked him up at his place and saw where he lived for the first time. It didn\uc0{\u8217}t look like a rich guy house, but I thought, okay. That day, he asked me to lend him 100,000mk to pay some bills because his BMW needed a big repair that would cost 600,000mk to order a spare part, and he was low on cash.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That was the start of me being manipulated. This guy could lie. I ended up paying for everything and lending him money. One day, I saw that BMW at Gateway Mall, and it was running just fine. I took a picture. Just three days before, I had sent him 75,000mk for the same car he said was at the garage.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I sent him the picture and asked what was up, he tried to lie that he had just sold it, but I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t having it. That\uc0{\u8217}s when I realized he was just another broke guy. At that point, he owed me around one million kwacha. I got to learn that he had actually rented the BMW car.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I felt so silly about it. Have I gotten a single penny of my money back? No, he just keeps making excuses. It\uc0{\u8217}s now almost two months since we parted ways. These good looking guys flaunting wealth can be so broke. I now have a rule that I make sure I don\uc0{\u8217}t lend any guy my money or spend on him until I am sure of who he is.}}\par
\sect
}