{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy23\hr17\min00\sec51}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy23\hr17\min00\sec51}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Chamusi was super-excited that the S-Bus he had chosen was nearly full. It was a 75-seater bus and almost 50 passengers were seated.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Vroom\uc0{\u8217}, Eth the driver raved the engine indicating that departure to Maputo was imminent.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We are the most punctual bus,\uc0{\u8221} Boyman the conductor assured Chamusi as he paced up and down the passage writing receipts for every passenger.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Boyman was methodical. Every passenger who walked into the coach quickly received a ticket and demanded they pay under one minute of boarding. It was a successful strategy because \uc0{\u8220}we want to depart for Maputo in five minutes, ahead of our usual time,\uc0{\u8221} said Boyman.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All the 60 passengers nodded excitedly that among the plethora of buses hogging the market, S-Bus was the one filling faster than the rest. Tickets were duly assigned to all passengers except a certain 30 passengers that Boyman skipped over.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Chamusi didn\uc0{\u8217}t mind. He thought the 30 passengers were already sorted and had boarded the bus an hour ahead of him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We\uc0{\u8217}ll be in Maputo by noon?\uc0{\u8221} asked Chamusi excited.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, by lunch,\uc0{\u8221} Boyman whispered. He appeared tipsy from the previous day\uc0{\u8217}s drinking but was able to issue bus tickets with swift dedication. His ticketbook was always creacked with collected money, duplicates of the main tickets, and a writing pen was stashed on his collar.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8220}Hatimirire kuzara!}{\cf0\f0  We don\uc0{\u8217}t wait for the bus to overfill,\uc0{\u8221} Boyman bragged to the seated passenger who growled back.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re the man, the most punctual morning bus to Maputo,\uc0{\u8221} said the 30 \uc0{\u8216}sorted\uc0{\u8217} passengers at once.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The driver of the S-Bus stepped his foot hard on the accelerator pedal and his engine banged up with a terrific sound. There was ululation in the bus and it was clear that departure to Maputo would not be delayed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Some passengers who had bought Yellowriver drinks and scones from the windows banged the glasses fearful that the vendors below outside would vanish with their change money.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Sorry parents this bus takes no prisoners \uc0{\u8211} you may miss your change money,\uc0{\u8221} shouted Boyman. Some passengers wailed, others frothed with anger but all around there was joy that the bus was heading for Maputo. After all, it was full and 20 standing passengers had squeezed in seeing that the first coach to Maputo was filling up fast while rival buses struggled. Instantly, ten more passengers bolted out of Pioneer, a rival bus that was half full, attracted that S-Bus was almost leaving.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}See everyone likes the first coach,\uc0{\u8221} Boyman boasted as he moved swiftly to dish out tickets to the new standing passengers. It was a methodical operation and astonishing. Boyman moved from the front of the bus quickly jotting down on the ticket book, tearing ticket slips, and collecting monies from the standing passengers. Lameck, an informal bus tout was doing the same, ticketing the standing passengers quickly from the back of the bus until he met Boyman in the middle. \uc0{\u8220}Job done!\uc0{\u8221} they high-fived each other excitedly, tallying the money into a leather wallet.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Chamusi nodded, mincing into a lunchbox of rice and fried tomatoes, proud that he had done well to choose the earliest coach to Maputo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The bus finally left the terminus \uc0{\u8211} accelerating in speed to the accompaniment of whistles and jeers and ululations of crowds outside. \uc0{\u8220}First coach! First coach! Ichoo earliest coach! First\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} echoed the faint sound of crowds as Boyman\uc0{\u8217}s bus sped through the main street, past red traffic lights on its way to Maputo. It drove furiously for 1km through the city center and turned, forsaking Maputo\uc0{\u8217}s road, and raced back to the terminus, much to the fury of the passengers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Is this Maputo route? Why are you returning to the terminus? The driver didn\uc0{\u8217}t answer as he slowed down to a stop outside the gate of the terminus, the very bus terminus that the bus had left five minutes ago. Boyman and 30 passengers swiftly alighted from the bus and melted in the crowd.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a flash of a moment, the bus was half empty. Only Chamusi and 35 or so other passengers remained on the bus. The driver opened his door too, jumped out, and began to tout for fresh passengers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Izzy, a rival tout from Pioneer Bus came aboard Boyman\uc0{\u8217}s bus laughing, teasing Chamusi and the remaining 30 passengers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You have been fooled by ma-jagger,\uc0{\u8221} he said his cheeks crackling with laughter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Chamusi looped his head into his arms and sighed a heavy breadth. It was a scam. Boyman\uc0{\u8217}s bus was not the earliest coach to Maputo. The competition was rife among buses in the terminus to scoop passengers traveling to Maputo. So a ploy had been devised by rival touts and drivers to load their coaches with certain numbers of fake passengers who would grab seats and sit for long hours to give an illusion that the bus was nearing capacity and thus lure genuine passengers quickly. The fake passengers would receive $5 a day per person, levied from the tickets issued to genuine passengers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Ma-jagger damn it!\uc0{\u8221} shouted Chamusi. He had been fooled.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Ma-jagger\uc0{\u8221} was a colloquial from \uc0{\u8220}jag the bus\uc0{\u8221} the fraudulent practice of packing a sizeable crowd of fake passengers in the bus to give an illusion that the coach is filling up.}}\par
\sect
}