{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy02\hr12\min40\sec16}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy02\hr12\min40\sec16}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Helpppppp! I yelled, tossing my bed covers to the floor. My mum came in rushing in to the room. \uc0{\u8221}What\uc0{\u8217}s wrong?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s nothing I replied just a bad dream. But it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t really nothing, I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t really sure if it was a dream to start with? Moments ago it felt like I was suffocating, gasping for air, and it felt like a ton of bricks was upon me. I tried to speak as well,move or just wake up but it couldn\uc0{\u8217}t be.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You see, I have never believed in madzikirira (sleep paralysis)before. Partly because when we were young our parents used to warn us with some scary incidents like this one in order for us to behave well. But this ordeal had thoroughly shook me. It might have been for only 3/5 minutes, but it feels like hell. The common theory in society was a witch will be pressing up on you. It is the thought which was running through my mind throughout the rest of the night and it had me panicking. Who wants me dead? Come on! I thought y\uc0{\u8217}all bewitch the rich and famous not your average Joe.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With these thoughts still lingering in my min d, I went to our neighbours house, Mr Chavhenga. Mr Chavhenga was a pastor and had worked for the local catholic church nearby. He was a beacon of light of the community always providing a hand to anyone in need, regardless if you were catholic or not. He was a role model for most of us in the community. After I relayed my dream to him. He asked me to kneel down. He prayed asking God for my protection but in so many words. I always wondered why people felt the need to prolong their prayers. Does God judges the length of prayer, to validate your petition? Anyway that is not the matter of the day, I went on with my life. Days, weeks passed with no other case of sleep paralysis I dreaded and things were looking far much better for me now}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This until I saw a post on X, formely known as Twitter where the author of the tweet was claiming that sleep paralysis is a body\uc0{\u8217}s response mechanism to ensure one doesn\uc0{\u8217}t get hurt whilst dreaming.Wow this nothing I never expected. But he doubled down by saying, \uc0{\u8221}Imagine you have a dream where you are being chased by a bear in the woods or you are fighting a lion and you wake up violently to flee, you could easily run into a wall or hurt yourself or others if your body doesn\uc0{\u8217}t paralyze you to sleep. The post gained a lot of traction, with the superstitious bunch calling it out as hogwash as they were still believing that they will be more external forces to play.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His take was not really wild, the body has its natural way to respond to things.Lets take for instance vasodilation, and how the blood vessels expand thus dilate in response to hot temperatures. Or the effects of the adrenaline on the body as it attempts to fight or flee. With that in mind I found the tweet not as wild as many put it out to be. To dig deeper in what sleep paralysis is actually is. According to the encyclopedia of \uc0{\u8221}Sleep & dreaming\uc0{\u8221} by Mary A Carksdon, sleep paralysis was defined as a brief episode of partial or total paralysis occuring at the beginning or end of a sleep period. The intense of nature of the episode as I have alluded from my prior experience makes the episode so frightening. But in essence sleep paralysis is caused by the overlap of REM (rapid eye movement) sleep and wakefulness. In that overlap that\uc0{\u8217}s where one experiences paralysis. A sudden \uc0{\u8221}wake up\uc0{\u8221} whilst in REM mode will only awaken the brain but not the body. As a consequence, the body is still in REM mode , hence one feel is paralyzed. The brain which is now awake whether coming in or out of REM sleep sends signals to relax muscles in your arms and legs thus paralyzing by stopping movement. And as much as the experience may be so uncomfortable and frightening, the brain is helping you to avoid to act out your dreams and possibly hurt yourself in the proceess.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So for all my people, before you accuse that old woman in the village, or that neighbour you always find \uc0{\u8221}weird\uc0{\u8221} whenever one experiences such paralysis and remember how the body is looking out for you ..}}\par
\sect
}