{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy26\hr18\min17\sec58}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy26\hr18\min17\sec58}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Malawi is a landlocked country in southeastern Africa with an area covering a total of 118,484km2, it stretches some 900 km to south, and between 90 and 161 km east to west. its population about 18 million people. The country is nicknamed \uc0{\u8220}the warm heart of Africa\uc0{\u8221} because the people are friendly. The name Malawi means\uc0{\u8221} flames of fire\uc0{\u8221} in vernacular language and its most spoken language is Chichewa. The country has tribes like, Lomwe, Yao, Tumbuka, Sena, Nkhone, Ngoni and Tonga and with languages like ChiYao, Chitonga, Chisena, Chitumbuka and Chilomwe. The country is also famous for its culture, and the dances. It received its independence on 6th July 1964 from the British colony and in 1953 Malawi was known as Nyasaland, a protectorate of the United Kingdom which became a protectorate within the semi independence federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland. The country is the fourth poorest country in Africa and ranked 174 of 189 countries on the human development index. Its currency is Malawian kwacha, the country has three regions with 28 districts.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Its economy relies most on agriculture, maize, rice and sorghum are the staple food and there are other crops which are grown for commercial purpose like cotton, tea and tobacco. Malawi is a tourist attraction country, it has lakes like Lake Malawi with fresh water which is a home of the delicious Chambo fish which is similar to Tilapia. It has Lake Kazuni, and Lake Malombe including Shire river which is one of the longest rivers in Africa and it is used to generate hydro electricity for the country. Malawi has the third largest mountain in Africa by the name Mulanje which is about 3200sqm above the sea level with its Sapitwa peak in vernacular \uc0{\u8220}you cannot go there\uc0{\u8221}. Early people believe that in the mountain there are ancestral spirits. The Sapitwa peak has more than 400 species of beautiful flowers and more than 400 species of birds. On the sides of the mountain there is a beautiful view of tea plantations surrounded by Cider trees which attract tourists.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Malawi has game reserves like Majete game reserve, Vwaza game reserve, Nkhotakota game reserve, and Kasungu game reserve where one can find different wild animals like, Lions, Elephants, Hippos, Buffalos, Zebras, Kudus, Leopards, Antelopes, Rhinos, Tigers, Hyenas and Giraffes. The country has National parks like, Nyika national park, Liwonde national park, Lengwe national park and Lake Malawi national park with wild animals like, Buffalos, Zebras, Antelopes, kudus, Impalas, bushbucks, warthogs, monkeys and Black rhinoceros.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From 1964 when the country received its independence the first president was Dr Hestings Kamuzu Banda who ruled Malawi for 31 years then in 1993 the country had its referendum and 1994 the system of government changed to multiparty dispensation. The second president was Dr Bakili Muluzi who ruled for 10 years, the third president was Dr Bingu wa Muntharika who ruled for 5 years then Dr Joyce Banda who ruled for 5 years, Professor Peter wa Muntharika ruled for 5 years and currently the president who is ruling the country is Dr Lazarus Chakwera.}}\par
\sect
}