{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy14\hr13\min17\sec05}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy14\hr13\min17\sec05}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Trymore Soko was that unusual laborer in Kabyle \uc0{\u8211} a male beauty technician styling women\uc0{\u8217}s braids, and weaving hair and dreadlocks.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We are male beauticians, and every day many clients are astonished we exist,\uc0{\u8221} Trymore told Gogo Mondy, a 72-year-old granny who had come to get her greying dreadlocks straightened.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gogo Mondy had never seen this before\uc0{\u8211} a man styling women\uc0{\u8217}s hair or polishing nails in a salon -it was rare culturally in Kabyle, a district of 1 million inhabitants. Baffled, but impressed by the service, she paid for his service with Zig coins, stood up, and bowed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m intrigued, bye,\uc0{\u8221} she said walking out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Trymore and six other young men ages 22 to 33 earned a living braiding women\uc0{\u8217}s clients\uc0{\u8217} hair, cosmetic jobs, makeup, and stuff like that at Masimbi, a popular shopping center in Glen Norah, the largest township and one of the poorest in Kabyle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We touch all hair and more,\uc0{\u8221} read the signpost to the entrance of their salon room.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He and fellow male beauty cosmetics technicians were extremely popular with female customers. They attracted female clients of all social standing bankers, teachers, housewives, elderly grandmothers, and adolescent girls.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s the hidden more that brings us back to the male beauticians several times,\uc0{\u8221} Brenda, a female lawyer in Kabyle would boast to new female clients that patronized the male-led salon.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What\uc0{\u8217}s that secret more?\uc0{\u8221} Adelaide, a female cashier getting her wedding nails polished by Trymore, asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}ll know the more someday,\uc0{\u8221} Brenda laughed, pointing Adelaide to the salon with her car keys.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Trymore massaged a strand of skin on Adelaide\uc0{\u8217}s hands and calmed her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry about Brenda\uc0{\u8217}s tongue-in-cheek. Our boutiques are packed full of customers \uc0{\u8211} we are in high demand with female clients, some who drive 40 miles across the city to get their hair styled by us,\uc0{\u8221} he said. \uc0{\u8220}There\uc0{\u8217}s a reason they return for more\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Ya also saying more, more, more,\uc0{\u8221} laughed Adelaide.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kabyle District\uc0{\u8217}s beauty and cosmetics labor industry was and remained traditionally a heavily gendered sector. It was and is still dominated by women and men like Trymore. The district\uc0{\u8217}s cosmetics and beauty sector was part of the vast informal and formal service industry that the district commissioner suspected was worth $4 billion annually but paid zero tax. \uc0{\u160}The hair care market was the biggest and fastest-growing business in Kabyle. Trymore and his band of male beauticians were the first ever known male hair stylists in the district. They were history-makers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It is still a social stigma for a man to be seen earning a living touching women\uc0{\u8217}s hair,\uc0{\u8221} Trymore\uc0{\u8217}s father wanted to discourage him when he announced plans to open their first salon. \uc0{\u8220}Your future wife and kids will never see you as man enough. But where did you get all the money to open this boutique?\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry Dad, I simply want to touch women\uc0{\u8217}s hair daily and do more,\uc0{\u8221} he said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}More?\uc0{\u8221} his father asked him, his eyes red, darting weakly after a night of whiskey.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, more flipping the script, re-writing social norms,\uc0{\u8221} Trymore told his father whilst hoovering the wet hair of a female banker client who was relaxing under an electric hair blower.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Like Brenda, the attorney, Hazel Moyo \uc0{\u8211} another faithful female client and a banker, was glad to choose Trymore each time she came for her bi-weekly hair fix.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}At first it was curiosity having my hair done by a male beauty technician but with time I realized deeper conversations are going on here. More,\uc0{\u8221} Moyo said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}More,\uc0{\u8221} said Trymore, bragging, laughing until his annoyed father walked out of the salon to the beerhall nearby.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Meeting you a male beauty technician has been a precious encounter,\uc0{\u8221} Moyo whispered, opening up to him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m all ears,\uc0{\u8221} Trymore assured her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He glanced at his male co-workers to see if they noticed how Moyo the banker was breathing heavily, indicating that there was something heavy on her chest that she wanted to release. Trymore looked back at Moyo, this time closely. He saw bruises on her neck as he was tying together her wet back hair. Moyo had acted hard to hide the bruises, red scratch marks, sure signs of human hands that had pounded her. He stopped styling her hair at once.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s fine and safe, tell me more?\uc0{\u8221} he said to her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s nothing,\uc0{\u8221} Moyo said defensively.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Trymore didn\uc0{\u8217}t believe her. The scratch marks at the back of her neck were serious and appeared painful. Moyo was an accomplished banker. Her visit to the hair salon was a ploy to get a new hairstyle that would hide her bruises ahead of Monday\uc0{\u8217}s boardroom meeting with her CEO.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Trymore prodded her further.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was then that she broke down and told him that her husband beat her with electric cords at the back of her neck. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m a banker, I\uc0{\u8217}m middle-class, educated, not the prototype of a poor, defenseless woman that husbands beat,\uc0{\u8221} she said crying softly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s abuse. He\uc0{\u8217}s criminal, he is the bad person, not you,\uc0{\u8221} Trymore said, consoling her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Trymore says he sprung to action and narrated the ordeal of Moyo the banker to Brenda the female lawyer on the phone. Brenda too, another hair salon client always prioritized Trymore\uc0{\u8217}s phone calls.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ll guide Moyo to report her husband to the police,\uc0{\u8221} Brenda told Moyo and Trymore on a WhatsApp video call. \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}ll write the docket, Trymore\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You doing police dockets?\uc0{\u8221} Moyo who was immediately astonished, asked Trymore.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Trymore nodded: \uc0{\u8220}Yes me, I write dockets\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}But you are a mere male beautician and policeman,\uc0{\u8221} Moyo told her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Trymore smiled, embraced her, and fetched police docket paper sheets.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The hair salon was a ruse, Moyo was finally told by Trymore and other male beauticians.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Horrific cases of violence against women were soaring in Kabyle District. The culprits were male intimate partners and very few women wanted to approach the police and report the crimes. Trymore and his gang were secret police detectives. The hair salon was funded by the police department secretly and the goal was to let female clients come for hair, and whilst getting their hair done, open up to \uc0{\u8216}male beauticians\uc0{\u8217} about any violent abuse they were suffering at home. 100 men who regularly beat their women have been nabbed, and prosecuted in just one month after opening up to Trymore, the fake detective who was posing as a male hair beautician.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Moyo sat down, beat the air, and smiled: \uc0{\u8220}Damn! Such a lovely sting operation you chaps are,\uc0{\u8221} she said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We do hair and more,\uc0{\u8221} laughed Trymore and his band of male \uc0{\u8216}hair beauticians\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\sect
}