{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy28\hr00\min18\sec10}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy28\hr00\min18\sec10}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Inside Mama\uc0{\u8217}s kitchen, Thompson bumped into Gregory who had a knack of having his}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 lunches as eats in. He was not a control panel-stricken fellow when it came to meals. On}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 that day he was settling for rice and stew, accompanied by beetroot salad. To wash}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 down the appetizing dish was an ice-cold Appetizer. \uc0{\u8220}Are we on tonight?\uc0{\u8221} he asked}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Thomson as he walked towards his table. \uc0{\u8220}Let\uc0{\u8217}s wait and find out, it\uc0{\u8217}s early days yet, we}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 still got work to do and twilight to see\uc0{\u8221} he responded as he sat down to wait for his order}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 of pap and chicken by the number of the saloon staff. It was neither his first time to buy}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 lunch for his staff nor was it a daily occurrence. Such doings were clung to mood and}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 spirit. As for that day, it was obscured to ascertain what the determinant factor could be,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 but all that can be safely said is he had to do it. He was in no freefall interaction mood,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 his thoughts were lingering between where he stood and the erotic theatrics at Verandah}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 lodge the night that was. It had never occurred to him that a sexual encounter defiantly}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 clings to his thoughts in such unrelenting fashion. He did not even make the slightest of}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 efforts to brush the imposing reflection aside. It was unprecedented and surreal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mama\uc0{\u8217}s kitchen was a small food outlet adjacent to Thompson Health and Beauty}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Centre. It was the one and only specialized restaurant at Greenstone shopping mall. Its}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 only faint competitor was the supermarket that served only rigid takeaways of buffet}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 dishes, furthermore, their meal quality was substandard, and the menu contents shallow}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 to those of a curious feasting craze. That rendered Mama\uc0{\u8217}s Kitchen the incomparable}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 one-stop catering facility. It also served as the most convenient in terms of proximity for}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the surrounding Slaughterville, and Soberlands residents. In any case, Nando\uc0{\u8217}s,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 MacDonald\uc0{\u8217}s, Steers, and other more exquisite outlets were twenty kilometres}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 thereabouts away. Like the popular saying, what you see is what you get, exactly!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mama\uc0{\u8217}s Kitchen was not only what one could get in terms of satisfactory hospitality at}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Greenstone, but also pretty much equal to the task. Both her front and back of the house}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 members of staff were not only welcoming but also very diligent and professional.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It had taken years of hard work, focus, passion and determination for Mama\uc0{\u8217}s Kitchen to}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 realize its conspicuously desirable and appreciable standards. As an air hostess, she}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 was rarely there, but her staff ensured that customers were not shortchanged. A former}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 five-star hotel chef, Daniel, gratifyingly handled the professional proceedings in her}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 customary absentia. He was usually stuck to the back of the house ensuring that lavish}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 meals were prepared, but would always roam back and forth to guarantee overall}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 oversight as the Head. The aroma-diffusing outlet opened its doors to the general public}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 bright and early as from 6:30 am up until 9 pm in the evening seven days a week. The}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 restaurant staff had to alternate over the weekends for the sake of rest and returns. For}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 its small space, the restaurant had an outdoor gazebo to complement its internal}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 shortcomings when it came to table logistics. What is undisputed about the restaurant is}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 its capacity to cater for a very demanding large middle-density community with minimal}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 castigation, if any.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Thompson had to dash back to his workplace with the offered lunch. He felt a gratifying}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 sensation as he helped himself to his mouth-watering meal. The ladies had gotten busy}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 in-between time and had decided to take turns to eat, and Lisa had requested to have}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 hers first. \uc0{\u8220}Lisa I am all good, stop staring at me with a talking eye\uc0{\u8221} he teased Lisa}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 whose body language solicited more for answers than Thompson\uc0{\u8217}s candid shift of that}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 inquisitive attention to the provision of lunch. The lunch-relishing Lisa just swung her arm}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 in a rhetorical \uc0{\u8220}whatever\uc0{\u8221} jest. The Health and Beauty Centre often got busy after lunch,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 probably due to the spare time most people had at their disposal during such times of}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the day. This coincided with it being month-end. Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s attention also got engulfed in}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 hairdressing chores that increased as the day went by. As was usually the case during}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 such times, the saloon subsequently became a buzz of activity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All of a sudden Thompson\uc0{\u8217}s phone started ringing,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Excuse me for a sec,\uc0{\u8221} he pleaded with the dreadlocked young lady whom he was}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 crocheting.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All eyes were cast on him as he answered the hot call.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Okay darling, I will see you in a while, let me get done with work first, otherwise how are}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 you faring?\uc0{\u8221} he explained and inquired from Lydia who had decided to break the silence}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 that had ensued since their exchange of valedictions that memorable morning.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In essence, silence might have prevailed verbally, but psychologically the two had}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 reciprocally and mutually had each other in their inescapable meditations all day long.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The other two girls never bothered much about what their boss got up to in his private}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 deliberations. After all, they had Lisa as their spokesperson to worry that much. As per}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the prediction, it was Lisa who had to jump in with a teasing statement, \uc0{\u8220}There must be a}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 brand-new darling out there,\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}So said who\uc0{\u8221} retorted Thompson as he withdrawingly}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 placed the hung phone in his pocket to resume work.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He passionately handled her client\uc0{\u8217}s neck long dreadlocks as he buoyantly went about}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 his sublime crocheting techniques. What was astounding at that particular juncture was}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 that his no barrier habit, when it came to ladies, was somewhat regulated and}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 substituted. His conversation with the client in question never got to transcend beyond}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 general socialisation. It had never occurred to Lisa that she sees her predatory boss}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 exercising some far-reaching inhibition with a client of such inviting and tempting appeal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To communicate her continual concern with that bizarre posture, Lisa shook her head as}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 she took off her eavesdropping sight that had crossed paths with Thompson\uc0{\u8217}s wondering}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 one. For someone who was not casually given to mood swings, what had transpired at}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Verandah lodge had had a gravitational impact on his mood. It remained to be seen}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 whether the demonstrated change was plastic or concrete, but what could be boldly}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 ascertained by those close to him like Lisa and Gregory was an extraordinary exhibit of}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Something fishy ensuing in his spiritual configurations. In any case, changes are for the}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 better at times.}}\par
\sect
}