{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy23\hr08\min29\sec50}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy23\hr08\min29\sec50}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The laugh from Peshy\uc0{\u8217}s house was always booming and would fill the air all the way to the neighboring Hadebe home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Why is my nephew Manesa laughing so hard inside a homestead where the husband is away for work?\uc0{\u8221} MaHadebe remarked, while peeling fresh groundnuts with her kids.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Manesa was the village herbalist, a renowned man of herbs who could treat snake bites, syphilis and unmask thieves by just pointing a dancing stick at a suspect. Peshy meanwhile was the renowned brewer of Kachasu, an illegal opaque beer that was popular among imbidders in the village. Daily, nearly forty men would congregate around Peshy\uc0{\u8217}s lounge wasting themselves in beer until 5pm in the evening. But Manesa was odd \uc0{\u8211} he would stretch the hours \uc0{\u8211} move into Peshy\uc0{\u8217}s kitchen, sip his beer while cracking loud jokes until 9pm in the evening. The absurdity of it \uc0{\u8211} Peshy\uc0{\u8217}s husband was always away from home for work. Gadzi was his name and he worked in the timber industry. He would be home only once in every 2 months. He was a committed family man \uc0{\u8211} him hauling timbers at the sawmill while Peshy his wife was with kids at home, brewing beer to earn an extra income.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And Manesa the village herbalist would never spend a day without coming to Peshy and Gadzi\uc0{\u8217}s home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It happened that Mbuya Soko, an 80 year old drunkard and clay potter got severely sick one day. Her stomach was swelling and she was now starting to refuse food and drink and speaking slowly. MaHadebe finally visited Mbuya Soko having heard that her condition was worsening.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The beer that Peshy gave me has killed me,\uc0{\u8221} Mbuya Soko wailed. \uc0{\u8220}Peshy\uc0{\u8217}s beer\uc0{\u8230}..\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 MaHadebe didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what to do or say. Mbuya Soko\uc0{\u8217}s stomach was shiny and elastic and in a dangerous condition. She labored her breadth, her eyes red with some sort of a jaundice-like infection. \uc0{\u8220}MaHadebe if I don\uc0{\u8217}t make it, Peshy\uc0{\u8217}s beer, I repeat, Peshy\uc0{\u8217}s beer\uc0{\u8230}.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two weeks later Mbuya Soko died. Her homestead was packed. Mourners were touched by her sudden illness and demise. Everyone shook their head. Mbuya Soko lived a peaceful life, kept no enemies and who would want to hurt her. Peshy, as a neighbor, was among the mourners. She was so silent, refused the common food, didn\uc0{\u8217}t shed a tear, never joined the other neighborhood women stirring the food pots. She was stone-silent, frozen in place among the mourners.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was to happen that 8 months after Mbuya Soko\uc0{\u8217}s death, Peshy and Gadzi\uc0{\u8217}s homestead was unlivable. The ghost of Mbuya Soko would begin terrorizing the homestead at 6pm each dusk. Peshy and the kids took turns sleeping at their aunt\uc0{\u8217}s home for fear of Mbuya Soko\uc0{\u8217}s ghost. It was a helluva of a situation. Peshy and Gadzi\uc0{\u8217}s homestead was abandoned. The family of Gadzi visited a witchdoctor finally to exorcise their home. It was revealed that Gadzi must divorce Peshy and expel her from home if he wanted peace. Gadzi was hesitant \uc0{\u8211} but was warned by the witch doctor that his homestead will burn in a mysterious fire if he took time to divorce and expel Peshy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gadzi loved his wife but the situation at his home was uncontrollable. He was left with no option but to sent away Peshy his wife of 30 years. He finally did it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Peshy, in her 50s, went back to her father\uc0{\u8217}s home across the river. And all hell broke loose there too. The ghost of Mbuya Soko would cross two rivers every dusk to terrorize Peshy\uc0{\u8217}s father\uc0{\u8217}s homestead too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}This is an unlivable situation, we must consult a witch doctor too,\uc0{\u8221} Peshy\uc0{\u8217}s 90 year old father demanded when he gathered his clan. \uc0{\u8220}As soon as Peshy arrived here \uc0{\u8211} no one has slept even for a night\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A witch doctor was consulted and the mystery began to unravel.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Peshy your beer brewer daughter poisoned and killed Mbuya Soko,\uc0{\u8221} the witch doctor told the gathered and stunned family members.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a dark deadly plot \uc0{\u8211} the witch doctor revealed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}How could she do this? Mbuya Soko wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t hurt a fly,\uc0{\u8221} Peshy\uc0{\u8217}s father demanded in a limping voice. \uc0{\u8220}Peshy I\uc0{\u8217}m speaking to you! How could you?\uc0{\u8221} shouted the old man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Manesa the village herbalist was the catalyst, said the witch doctor. Manesa was dating Peshy, a married woman under the guise of coming to her home to have his daily beer fix. Peshy was a reluctant player in the saga. One day, Manesa and Peshy were secretly intimate in a nearby maize field bush and Mbuya Soko, drunk as usual, on her way home stumbled upon the illicit scene.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}She knows, we are in trouble,\uc0{\u8221} Manesa told Peshy, his secret lover.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}She\uc0{\u8217}ll report us all. I\uc0{\u8217}m a dead woman walking, my husband will kills me,\uc0{\u8221} Peshy told Manesa.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was an easy fix. Manesa the village herbalist gave Peshy some sprinkles of a dead crocodile\uc0{\u8217}s brain \uc0{\u8211} a deadly concoction. Peshy obliged and brewed a special pot of beer for Mbuya Soko. It was for her alone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Thirsty as usual \uc0{\u8211} Mbuya Soko fell for the trap. She drank the deadly brew \uc0{\u8211} the plotters hoping that she will die with the evidence of their secret affair.}}\par
\sect
}