{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy20\hr08\min14\sec43}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy20\hr08\min14\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Pastor Fisha Jani was a Man of God, so they called him. The leader of Jani Blessed Ministries International, his main fame was centered around matchmaking \uc0{\u8211} getting the highest number of weddings in his flock.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Of 200 young men and women in his church\uc0{\u8217}s choir, 120 had been married to each other in the last four years with Pastor Jani being the matchmaker.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No child of my ministry will marry a drunkard from outside the church nor a partner from other churches,\uc0{\u8221} Pastor Jani boasted for each of the 120 weddings he officiated in the last four years.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He was a marriage officer, meaning as per the laws of the Second Republic, he was permitted to officiate at marriage unions in the whole country.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hardwell was convinced the pastor Jani was the best. Hardwell was a church dancer, 34, pious band obedient to Pastor Jani. He was unmarried and despite his prolific dancefloor skills had not found a lady in the church who wanted to fall in love with him and start life with him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s well my, son, when the time is right for you, the church will find you a bride, from among our people,\uc0{\u8221} Pastor Jani would tell him after every Sunday service.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s well Man of God,\uc0{\u8221} Hardwell never tired of saying so.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was 2019 and Pastor Jani had outmatched his record. It was June and Pastor Jani had presided over 30 marriages alone, almost double his previous year\uc0{\u8217}s output.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re on fire Man of God,\uc0{\u8221} Jani praised him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s the Lord\uc0{\u8217}s doing,\uc0{\u8221} Pastor Jani said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Doing God\uc0{\u8217}s work,\uc0{\u8221} said Hardwell.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Godspeed, my son,\uc0{\u8221} said Pastor Jani.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No boy or girl in the church would be allowed to marry without being chaperoned in Pastor Jani\uc0{\u8217}s hands. As soon as a boy and girl indicated that they were dating they were immediately given strict church rules. They wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t be allowed to meet even at coffee cafes without Pastor Jani present. Every date was to be supervised by Pastor Jani. Sleeping together before marriage was a no-go area. Before a boy and girl in love would go to their parents\uc0{\u8217} homes to introduce their relationship, Pastor Jani would have to be informed and he alone would have to fix the dates. After every wedding he officiated, each new couple would only get to go on honeymoon to a holiday resort which Pastor Jani chose. After marriage, any dispute be it intimate partner violence, threats of divorce, or accusations of rape was not allowed to be reported to police but to Pastor Jani. It was Pastor Jani alone who would convene a quarrelsome couple and pace them through his \uc0{\u8216}counseling therapy\uc0{\u8217}, counseling a man who forced his wife to sleep with him when she was not willing that day. Hundreds of church weddings and marriages had been shaped by Pastor Jani: Louise and John\uc0{\u8217}s; Dereck and Susan\uc0{\u8217}s; Brian and Natasha\uc0{\u8217}s; Owen and Patience\uc0{\u8217}s\uc0{\u8230}etc. For those struggling to find willing ladies in the church, or shy to approach any, Pastor Jani would personally arrange a girl for a \uc0{\u8216}weak boy\uc0{\u8217} as he called them. He had delivered 90 marriages and weddings this way.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It came that Hardwell was the oldest bachelor in the church in 2019 and his parents were restless. Church girls were shying away from Hardwell wondering, why a prominent member like him had taken so long to get married in a church that was so famous for matchmaking.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry this year is your year,\uc0{\u8221} Pastor Jani told Hardwell.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Really, so, Man of God?\uc0{\u8221} asked Hardwell.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, believe it!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I receive Man of God,\uc0{\u8221} replied Hardwell.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her name was Olga. She was ten years younger than Hardwell. Everyone said she was the prettiest in church. Pastor Jani had worked hard behind the scenes for three months convincing Oga, the church chief usher, to marry Hardwell the senior bachelor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}She\uc0{\u8217}ll be a wonderful wife to you, I don\uc0{\u8217}t need a know,\uc0{\u8221} Pastor Jani told Hardwell point-blank on the first weekend he summoned both Oga and Hardwell to his office. \uc0{\u8220}Oga, are you ready?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m ready Man of God,\uc0{\u8221} she said glancing between Hardwell and Pastor Jani.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hardwell was taken by surprise and left with no choice. Oga, whom she thought was above her grade, had been proposed by Pastor Jani to be his wife. He was confused and privately thrilled to bag such a lady, of course, thanks to the work done by Pastor Jani.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hardwell and Oga\uc0{\u8217}s wedding was the most prestigious in 10 years of the church\uc0{\u8217}s recent history. 5000 people attended and Pastor Jani was at his most boastful best. This was his most prestigious match. \uc0{\u8220}What God and I have molded, let no men put asunder,\uc0{\u8221} he declared as he officiated at the union.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, yes, yes Man of God,\uc0{\u8221} the crowd roared back.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The gift basket was brimming with all sorts of jewelry and foreign currencies. The church paid for Oga and Hardwell\uc0{\u8217}s honeymoon and Pastor Jani had chosen the venue. It was the wedding of the town for the year and Pastor Jani couldn\uc0{\u8217}t contain himself with pride.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Oga and Hardwell\uc0{\u8217}s actual marriage as husband and wife began to run into storms two years on. Oga couldn\uc0{\u8217}t get pregnant no matter how hard they tried. As their bedroom fights got increasingly desperate, Oga was spending more time at Pastor Jani\uc0{\u8217}s home. Hardwell was an engineer and traveled widely around the country. Each time he was not at home, Oga would sleep at Pastor Jani\uc0{\u8217}s house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I fear to sleep at our home alone, better I sleep in the spare room at the Man of God\uc0{\u8217}s home until Hardwell returns from his work trips,\uc0{\u8221} she would say.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At last, in year four of their marriage a baby came into their marriage. He was a boy and his face resembled Oga\uc0{\u8217}s whole face and very little looked like Hardwell, not even the boy\uc0{\u8217}s feet.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hardwell was not enthusiastic about the boy, and at first, everyone thought it was a father\uc0{\u8217}s version of post-childbirth depression until his resentment of the boy grew visible to outsiders. Meanwhile, Oga and Pastor Jani were so fond of the boy. Countless prayer sessions to bless the boy were held at the pastor\uc0{\u8217}s house whenever Hardwell was out of town on a work trip.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day Hardwell secretly took the boy to Medilabs. His high schoolmate and best friend was a radiologist and owned an analytical chemistry laboratory. His friend took a swab of the boy\uc0{\u8217}s blood and Hardwell\uc0{\u8217}s and analyzed it. What they found was striking. There was 0,0000 % that the boy was Hardwell\uc0{\u8217}s son. It was a crushing result. Hardwell was by no scientific stretch the boy\uc0{\u8217}s father.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I know this is too much to swallow, my friend Hardwell but don\uc0{\u8217}t do anything drastic when you drive back home,\uc0{\u8221} the radiologist cautioned.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hardwell dashed out of the office with the boy dangling out his lap. On arrival home, he kicked Oga to a pulp and almost made her faint.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t kill me I beg,\uc0{\u8221} she said. \uc0{\u8220}Pasto Jani is the boy\uc0{\u8217}s father.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Man of God!?\uc0{\u8221} angrily asked Hardwell.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sensing that Hardwell would kill her brutally, she confessed. Pastor Jani was a predator. His matchmaking was a ploy. Of all the 120 couples he had matched and officiated at the weddings, he would groom and sleep with the bride first, Oga sad. \uc0{\u8220}He slept with me two days after our honeymoon,\uc0{\u8221} she added.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A week later, Hardwell\uc0{\u8217}s body was found in the church\uc0{\u8217}s garden. He had shot himself after killing Pastor Jani first. It was a double murder in the church.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the judicial inquest that followed, Pastor Jani\uc0{\u8217}s wife told jurors: \uc0{\u8220}The Man of God, my late husband was a man of beds\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 100 girls, now married church women came forward and unrolled all. Pastor Jani had slept with them all before handing over them to their new church husbands. A DNA-testing session ordered by the court found that, of 120 church women whom Pastor Jani had matched with their husbands, 22 were carrying his children, passing them off as their husbands\uc0{\u8217}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}