{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy27\hr09\min30\sec14}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy27\hr09\min30\sec14}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My brother, Sosten is aged 36 and is currently living in Nkhotakota. It makes me feel bad because his marriage with my in-law is not working out. As much as both of them are willing to commit, they quarrel every time and they would fight like Tyson and Holyfield. This went on and on for several occasions while I was paying them a visit at their home. My in-law would pack her things and go back to her mother frequently.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In times, whenever she would leave for her home, my brother would drink alcohol as a way of relieving himself from stress despite that he was like church boy. My brother told me that he was slowly started losing interest in his marriage. I would advise him to keep pushing and that is what happens in marriages. Sometimes, he would tell me that he is failing to cope but in the few days that I stayed with him, I always encouraged him to keep on pushing for better and may be things would be okay.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It reached to a point where they got separated for good. I really loved seeing my brother having a wife but I had talked to my brother a lot that I cannot be happy to see him alone. One day, when he was separated with his wife, he went out to drink with friends. They were quite drunk and driving home around 9 pm. While passing by a lodge, they saw a girl who seemed stranded. One of his friends wanted to pick her up, but he was hesitant because my brother always worried about strangers, especially at night due to scary movies we watched while we were growing up. However, his friend grabbed the steering wheel, forcing my brother to stop and pick her up.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In his drunken state, he started sharing his troubles with his wife and how much he still loved her together with the children despite their issues that happened. My brother gave the girl his number in the hope of becoming friends. Days passed without hearing from her until one day she messaged him on WhatsApp. They texted, and he learned more about her. One significant challenge was their different religious beliefs. The girl was Christian and my brother was a Muslim.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I discouraged him to propose her since I hope that things might work out with his first wife but my brother was serious with the other lady. Despite me discouraging him, he still took her out for meals. Over time, they got connected to each other and started dating. Now, it has been five months while together with that girl. I really don\uc0{\u8217}t wish my brother\uc0{\u8217}s children to be raised by another parent. I don\uc0{\u8217}t believe that they can be raised well. However, I cannot force him to do what he does not want. I do have hope though that one day, my brother and my in-law will get back together.}}\par
\sect
}