{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy22\hr05\min51\sec31}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy22\hr05\min51\sec31}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It all started when I arrived home early from work. I was out of options on what I would be doing for the rest of the day. After thinking a lot, I got the idea of doing small exercises on my bicycle. I started my bike and went to Matekenya village. I found that the village life in Dowa is confusing and interesting at the same time. People seem to have no future ahead of them. When I arrived at the village, I wanted to buy pork meat and I like pork meat so the time I arrived there I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t wait to buy the meat. When I was buying the meat, I saw many people gathering around the place where they sell pork meat and I got interested to know what was going on. I asked one of the guys who were standing there who was selling the pork meat and he showed me the guy. The guy who showed me the seller is called Gunde. I called the guy who was selling the pork meat and I ordered a half kilogram so that it could be roasted. After it was ready, I told the man to park it for me so that I can it while I was riding my bicycle on my way back home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The time I was waiting for my meat to be ready, I stood there for like 10 to 15 minutes. However, my experience there wasn\uc0{\u8217}t a good one during my waiting. There is a certain guy called Nandolo who came to the stove where they were preparing my meat and therefore, he took a fork and decided to take one of my meat that was being prepared for me. I immediately asked him \uc0{\u8220}What are you doing? Is that your meat or did you order your meat and it was mixed with mine? Why are you using a fork that is being used to prepare the meat and why can\uc0{\u8217}t you find a chopstick or another thing that you can use to eat?\uc0{\u8221} He then started apologizing to me, \uc0{\u8220}I am sorry, I did not know if it was your meat\uc0{\u8221}. I was so angry by that time. I told him \uc0{\u8220}That is not healthy and you know we are in a time whereby we met COVID-19 and there is cholera going around and you\uc0{\u8217}re using the folk so that others can also use it which is bad.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I called the guy who was preparing my meat. I told him about what just happened and he told me that the guy was drunk. I told him like \uc0{\u8220}Okay, why can\uc0{\u8217}t you be able to oversee your business so that it can be protected? He also apologized and comforted Nandolo. I\uc0{\u160}understood what happened because the guy was drunk, and I calm down despite being pissed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What made me wonder so much about the village was the way folks around that place who were close to 20 sitting and they were chatting a lot of stuff but it looked like they were just sitting while waiting for the sun to go down. They had nothing to do there and it pained me to see youths who were just sitting without doing anything and waiting for the sun to go down so that they could go back home and maybe need to eat yet they didn\uc0{\u8217}t contribute anything at home. Those folks looked like they were over 18 years old and I was asking myself how the country or the village be developed if it had youths who were just sitting and chatting and drinking beer while there were many things that they were supposed to be doing at their home or even trying to contribute to their community.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I saw that the village was lacking many businesses but I believe if those folks needed advice, they to think of the ways they can develop their community. It can be better than them sitting in the trading centre waiting for the night to go down and go to sleep which is a bad routine for youths.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The village experience wasn\uc0{\u8217}t that bad. There are trees around and good roads but not tarmac ones. However, cars can be able to pass but the only problem I just discovered there was people not being civilized. They are still behind and don\uc0{\u8217}t know how they can develop their community. I would\uc0{\u160}recommend that one of these government officials if they even care to go there and be able to civic educate them and teach them some business ideas so that they can be able to contribute something in their homes as well as in their community. Matekenya is one of the villages that I have visited and I had a good experience with pork meat the meat was so amazing and I wish to go back there again so that I can eat the meat again.}}\par
\sect
}