{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy27\hr14\min19\sec33}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy27\hr14\min19\sec33}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Meaning in pain}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Phone is ringing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 -Hello Ms. Rosy, sorry for annoyance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am calling for my two sons who are hospitalized on a large burn effect. Can you please talk to them about your own experience while childhood and motivate them? Do you have time for today?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 +Hello, Miss. I will visit them today at 8:00 am.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 -Thanks a lot Ms. Rosy. We would never forget your kindness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Rosy is 25 year old woman who has experienced burn while she was a teenager. Half of her face is burned and there are scalds on her face, one left hand and some part of her body. In spite of that She is a very successful teacher and a famous author. She meets two teenage boys and tries to help them feel better. She talks about her own experience about burn, to injured boys. She motivates them to fight with their current situation and makes them think positively. She visits them every week and writes them letters everyday.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Thinking and recalling about those days was like a torture and feeling the hell again for her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Although she felt worse, she helped the teenagers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While she was thinking about her action in hospital, suddenly she observes the nurse who is working in the burn part. She asked herself about the logic of doing tough jobs like being a nurse in burn part being a death midwife, a surgeon, a firefighter, a construction worker in extreme conditions and many other.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Questions come after one another to her mind}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Are we really doing these tough jobs only for money? What is the hidden logic behind doing these jobs.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Rosy answered to herself: reasons to do things are so much and very different these can be money, safety, satisfaction, eternity, goal, and welfare etc.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The purpose of the nurse working there is not only getting money but more than that. These kind of people are searching for meaning about what they do.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She asked herself again, whether remembering her hard time in life and helping these teenagers makes her happy or not? She answered: happiness is not the only reason of my actions but finally I am going to reach the satisfaction and happiness. This final happiness is deeper and bigger, then the momentary one. People doing more difficult jobs also reach the meaning in their jobs that is totally human and in spite of hardships they get the satisfaction.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite of her efforts one of the boys passed away and she felt the pain of loss and grief.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the end, she is happy that at least one of them is alive.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}