{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy05\hr17\min52\sec01}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy05\hr17\min52\sec01}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Irankunda\uc0{\u8217}s husband death was a particularly difficult period in the whole family. She thought her life had turned upside down after losing the love of her life. Darkness appeared in Irankunda\uc0{\u8217}s home in September 2022. After spending two months in the hospital, she learned that her husband had kicked the backet. She was devastated by the news because she was not prepared to lose her other half. She had reached a point where her brain had become stuck and she could no longer think.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Irankunda\uc0{\u8217}s husband left her with three children, two handsome boys and one beautiful girl. It was really hard for her to welcome the life of raising three children on her own. Irankunda is not educated that she will be able to secure a good job to be able to get a good salary and raise her children. She started struggling the first day her husband left her. The family on the husband side did now support their marriage and it was difficult for her to seek help from them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Irankunda decided to do any kind of job for the family to be able to survive. She is a good cooker and many restaurants in Dowa book her to go and work for them. She was lucky that she was blessed with a talent of cooking otherwise, her family would be suffering so much. She got hired by Umodzi restaurant in Dowa, Malawi where she works for 6hours per day. The salary she gets is not that big but it helps the family to survive on a daily basis.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The husband had a project of pigs that he was doing before he passed away. The project was left with ten pigs. However, everything was stolen by thieves on the night of 19th December 2022. This incident added too much pain in Irankunda\uc0{\u8217}s heart since the business that her husband left has been demolished by thieves. She could tell her children that, \uc0{\u8220}If my love was here with us, thieves would not come to steal from us\uc0{\u8221}. The loss of her husband brough too much pain in the life of Irankunda and her children. For the respect of her late husband, Irankunda decided not to get married again and focus on raising their children.}}\par
\sect
}