{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy30\hr13\min22\sec51}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy30\hr13\min22\sec51}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Merciless Group}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mbeza was a Congolese bus driver from the South Kivu province, specifically in Uvira territory. Every day apart from Sunday, he could take people from Uvira to different locations in the territory and bring them back whenever they needed to return. Through public bus driving, Mbeza could feed his family, buy them clothes, pay the school fees of his three daughters, and more.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On a Saturday at 7 am, Mbeza decided to take passengers from Uvira to Rubarika market, in Rubarika village. Her passengers were 16 and included males and females. He left Uvira at 7 am and reached Rubarika at 9 am. Some of them entered the market and started selling clothes and plastic flippers while others, started purchasing food items, including raw bananas and manioc. Mbeza waited for his passengers to finish trading and purchasing. He bought two kilograms of pork meat and 20 kg of beans at his place in Uvira where his wife and two daughters were living.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At 3 pm, Mbeza started reminding his customers that they had to rush as the time had gone. He said to one of his customers, \uc0{\u8220}Mbwega, it\uc0{\u8217}s 3 now. You and others have to rush. We need to go back by half three.\uc0{\u8221} Mbwega responded, \uc0{\u8220}I am done but I don\uc0{\u8217}t know about others. Let me go and remind them about time.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Of course, do it,\uc0{\u8221} Mbeza replied. Mbwega went to meet with some of the clients.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Thirty minutes later, Mbeza\uc0{\u8217}s customers started coming to the location where the bus was parked and were ready to return to Uvira. Mbeza asked them, \uc0{\u8220}Where are others?\uc0{\u8221} The response was they were on their way. Very soon they will be here. \uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s great,\uc0{\u8221} Mbeya said, \uc0{\u8220}we are leaving 20 minutes.\uc0{\u8221} The bus left the market at 4 pm.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When they reached a place called Teka, four men stopped the bus. All of them were carrying weapons. Mbeza stopped the bus and the bandits obliged them to follow them in the forests where they were living. There were 18 people, including the driver and conductor on the bus. The bandit left only 4 people in the bus because they couldn\uc0{\u8217}t walk faster as they were 55+ but no policeman or soldier intervened as they were far from the setting. People who were carried away included six males and 8 females.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Once they reached their location, the bandits started to ask for ransom. They obliged every victim to contact his/her family to send money otherwise they would be killed. They asked the victims\uc0{\u8217} families to collect USD15,000. After receiving USD10,000, they released all the women. After releasing them, they changed the location and continued asking for the rest. When the rest was sent, they said, \uc0{\u8220}You can go now apart from the driver and the conductor.\uc0{\u8221} Kama, one of the four men asked why but he got a slap and was told to shut up. No reason for retaining the two was given. The four males were released but the bandits showed no mercy for the driver and his conductor who were shot and passed away.}}\par
\sect
}