{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy10\hr13\min15\sec48}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy10\hr13\min15\sec48}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Esther and her newly weeded husband moved into a new neighbourhood to start their new journey of life. Esther was a kind hearted person but a careful woman. She was so excited to meet her new neighbours and was friendly to all of them. Among her neighbours, there was a woman named Mercy. At first, Mercy seemed really friendly and welcoming. She got close to Esther and they both created a beautiful friendship. They would often chat and help each other out with household chores. Esther felt so fortunate to have found a friendly neighbour. Mercy spent most of her time in Esther\uc0{\u8217}s house. As a young new married woman, Esther would ask Mercy for tips on how to make her husband happy. For that matter, Mercy didn\uc0{\u8217}t disappoint her as she would supply all the answers and even added extra.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As time went by, Esther started noticing Mercy as a double faced woman and also a gossip. She started hearing some of the things they spoke in private from other neighbours. She also noticed that the other neighbours kept their distance from her. So Esther started applying wisdom in dealing with her. However, as time went by, Mercy\uc0{\u8217}s behaviours started to change, as one can\uc0{\u8217}t hide their true colour for long. She began to show her true colours and revealed herself to be an evil woman. She had once suggested that Esther should use a love charm on her husband. But Especially her rejected the offer as she considered it evil. Anger, jealousy and envy then consumed Mercy. She couldn\uc0{\u8217}t stand to see Esther happy and successful in their marriage. She suddenly withdrew herself from Esther\uc0{\u8217}s company and promised within herself to deal with Esther.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Esther was already eight months gone with pregnancy. So Mercy went and sought for the help of a powerful witch doctor and made a charm to prevent Esther from giving birth naturally. The charm was intended to make Esther undergo an operation instead of a natural delivery. Mercy believed that by doing this, she would cause Esther pain and suffering. Robbing her of the joy of motherhood. Mercy succeeded in her evil plans and Esther was operated on. But unfortunately for her, Esther was still happy to have her bouncing baby boy despite being operated on.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two years had passed and Esther found herself expecting a second child. The news reached Mercy and she was not happy about it. The time of delivery arrived and Esther was still in labour. She was advised by the doctor to allow herself to be operated on. Before then, a man of God had told Esther\uc0{\u8217}s husband to be prayerful as someone in their compound has vowed that she will never let his wife give birth naturally. On hearing this, he remembered what the doctor said about carrying out an operation on his wife. He immediately rushed and informed Esther about the revelation of the man of God. Esther told her husband that she would not allow evil to win. So she instructed her husband to bring the man of God to pray for her. After two hours of prayers, Esther went into the delivery room and she miraculously gave birth naturally. The nurses and doctors were so surprised at the unexpected turn of events. News of Esther\uc0{\u8217}s natural delivery spread quickly reaching Mercy\uc0{\u8217}s ears.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Realising that her evil wicked plans had not worked this time round. She was filled with regrets and fear because she was scared that it might backfire on her since she was also pregnant with her third child. She hurriedly packed her belongings to leave the neighbourhood because she was unable to face Esther and the consequences of her actions. Mercy\uc0{\u8217}s husband approached Esther\uc0{\u8217}s husband and informed him of their sudden decision to move out the neighbourhood. When Esther\uc0{\u8217}s husband questioned the reason for their hasty decision, Mercy\uc0{\u8217}s husband revealed that they have been wanting to relocate to another town. That then was the right time for them to relocate. Although Esther\uc0{\u8217}s husband suspected that the relocation was just a mere excuse, he remained silent and he was relieved that their evil neighbour would soon be gone. With Mercy and her husband gone, Esther and her husband\uc0{\u8217}s life began to flourish once again. Their marriage grew stronger and their family prospered. Their children brought joy and happiness into their lives and Mercy\uc0{\u8217}s absence was never felt.}}\par
\sect
}