{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy20\hr18\min03\sec40}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy20\hr18\min03\sec40}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: The Red Book is not so special. He looks like me, but with a red cover, and he has a red cloak. I imagine this moment as a little bit more epic, but everything is very simple. All of the words back away. Somehow I can describe them running away. The Red Book doesn\uc0{\u8217}t seem angry. He is emotionless.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: You have summoned me so many times. I came from absolute peace to this noisy place. I prefer to silence you all and now you run away? You pitiable words\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Actually they didn\uc0{\u8217}t summon you, they just helped me to break your curse.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: So, at last Curse betrayed me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Technically yes, but I forced it to.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: You have great courage, I like that. Who you are? Why do you want to see me so badly?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I am Minabamun, and I want to know what my meaning is.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what your meaning is. Every word finds meaning on its own.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Stupidity laughs like a crazy word.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: I don\uc0{\u8217}t believe it. I just don\uc0{\u8217}t believe it. After all the mess you\uc0{\u8217}ve made you still don\uc0{\u8217}t get it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: We\uc0{\u8217}re done.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: No, we\uc0{\u8217}re not done. I have a curse. How am I supposed to find my meaning with a curse?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: That\uc0{\u8217}s none of my business.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: But why did you curse all the words?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: That\uc0{\u8217}s none of your business.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Yes it is. I want to break the curse!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: I see you have perseverance. I\uc0{\u8217}m sure you\uc0{\u8217}ll break it someday.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: How?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: I don\uc0{\u8217}t know. Why you\uc0{\u8217}re not ask your friend Curse?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Curse is the concept of it, but you are the one using it. You must tell me how.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: It\uc0{\u8217}s simple. People don\uc0{\u8217}t really care about us. They use words to cheat on each other. They use words to fraud each other. I don\uc0{\u8217}t curse them all. Here we have a game, everybody who cares about us and appreciates us would show respect for the rules of the game. The other who don\uc0{\u8217}t care and broke rules, they are cursed simply. I go to them with an army of words. I soul bound players to each other, then I curse their souls to a word. For example your friends Stupidity have five people with itself. The funny thing about them is that just one of them broke the rule but I take whole five players, even they respected me. They were drunk and sleepy one of them always want to get to work.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 [1] [C2]}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: what should they do?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: You\uc0{\u8217}re playing your perfect game by taking yourself to corner and waiting under punches until the rival reach to a dead end, then you punch your next question. Why? Why you\uc0{\u8217}re so stupid? Why you\uc0{\u8217}re not following your clues? Like this corner thing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how to do that because of the curse. I already told that.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: so you\uc0{\u8217}ll die. Don\uc0{\u8217}t ask me why. Another weak word. Nobody reminds of you because you never existed. Nobody use you. They forget you so simple. I think even if you find your meaning you\uc0{\u8217}re going to be erased, because of your weakness. Don\uc0{\u8217}t look at me. Don\uc0{\u8217}t look at your past. Hey granny this yellow light is annoying me. Go back to your cell. I want my lighting back.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yellow Book: I\uc0{\u8217}m so sorry that you became such thing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: mum I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to describe you crying and I think it\uc0{\u8217}s better to release nonsense hands because crying seems meaningless now.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: I\uc0{\u8217}m agree. Its meaningless. where were you\uc0{\u8217}ve being when I have questions?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yellow Book: Son, I gave you all of my knowledge, your mothers too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t enough. I had more questions but you were always bored or exhausted and tried to get rid of me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yellow Book: Believe me I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to get rid of you. I love you but I never understand some of your questions. I thought you would get better when you grow up. But your questions became harder every day. at first there are like this \uc0{\u8220}how many fishes live in oceans?\uc0{\u8221} but then it turned around some things like \uc0{\u8220}where is the borders of sky?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}What is exist behind the borderline of cosmos?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Is the ending of world happy or sad?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Are idealists going to make it to build an utopia?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Why?\uc0{\u8221} that last one always got stuck me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I have a question Red Book. What is your name?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: at the moment of question all of us turned toward Minabamun and looked surprised. Minabamun didn\uc0{\u8217}t shouted. The question was like those things which someone want to say with low voice but it\uc0{\u8217}s resonated through our whole world. Some of us knew this fact that Minabamun didn\uc0{\u8217}t know Red Books name, but it\uc0{\u8217}s still surprising.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: Come with me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Red Book gets Minabamuns hand and they vanished.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: where is this place?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: it\uc0{\u8217}s a climax.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: it\uc0{\u8217}s so beautiful. If Description was here we could have a great description of it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: that\uc0{\u8217}s exactly my problem.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I don\uc0{\u8217}t get it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: because I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to describe it. I like to enjoy looking at it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: you don\uc0{\u8217}t say your name.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book:I am The Red Book.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I\uc0{\u8217}m a kid but even I know that\uc0{\u8217}s not your name. it\uc0{\u8217}s just a title. We have beautiful words with Red, Red as Reduce, Red as Redo, Red as Redemption and etc.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: my name is Question my mother is Concept. And honestly I can\uc0{\u8217}t help you find your meaning.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I don\uc0{\u8217}t want help. I think you\uc0{\u8217}re so lonely. did you ever hugged another word?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: never. At first I thought it\uc0{\u8217}s because of my mother but I discovered that every word ran away from me or vanish when I hug them. Beginning and endings are obviously clear. It\uc0{\u8217}s a clich\uc0{\u233} but you make the path with your steps. That\uc0{\u8217}s not what I meant, be careful there are thousands of wrong meanings for every word. We are flexible creatures. our concepts let us be used in different meanings but there is a question, who you are?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I don\uc0{\u8217}t know.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: you don\uc0{\u8217}t need to answer this fast.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how to do that?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: How you want to do?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: we can\uc0{\u8217}t just ask each other. I need to do something.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: why?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: let me tell you a story.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: I thought you\uc0{\u8217}re one of those rushers. go on.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: there was an editor named Hussein. As I guess you probably love editors because their job is to care about correct form a words and sentences. Hussein is a freedom fighter too. He prisoned for five or maybe four times, but he is still fighting for his freedom. Once the dictator who Hussein was fighting with him wrote a tweet and he forgot to put dot sign to end of his tweet. Then Hussien made brilliant comment with just a single dot to edit dictator\uc0{\u8217}s tweet. So many people like it. Its saw so many times, even more the original tweet. that dot interpreted to so many things but it\uc0{\u8217}s wasn\uc0{\u8217}t the only thing that Hussein was did as freedom fighting. He was just doing his job.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: let me guess, they got him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: you\uc0{\u8217}re right but that\uc0{\u8217}s not exactly my point. I see it this way, every one wants a normal life including freedom fighters, soldiers and even dictators. you want to stand aside words and your think they\uc0{\u8217}re running away but I saw so many of them who bravely stand in front of you. Let\uc0{\u8217}s hug each other.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: when The Red Book and Minabamun gone, the light went more yellow. Yellow light was so sharp. We hardly see each other. I could say all words were dizzy. Near sunset last event of our story happened. Our world were going in orange color. Sun going down behind of mounts. That was when I noticed, it so many years we didn\uc0{\u8217}t see mountain. At the climax I was seeing The Red Book hugged Minabamun and circle of sun was behind them. All of words include me felt like finally we take out that insisting peace of food which is stuck between your teeth. We felt someone grabbed weight of the world of our shoulder. We hear sound of collision of something like a great metal ship. Then I see red souls pour out of The Red Books cover. They pour out red, then turned into different colors. After a while Stupidity speaks to Minabamun.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: I don\uc0{\u8217}t believe it. It\uc0{\u8217}s wonderful. You broke the curse. I don\uc0{\u8217}t feel Javaad anymore. But I think it\uc0{\u8217}s better for you to leave that, it\uc0{\u8217}s dangerous. Do you hear my voice?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: yeah.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: why you don\uc0{\u8217}t let it go?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I\uc0{\u8217}m good}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: it\uc0{\u8217}s going to kill you Mina.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I never feel this alive sense. Now I do know who I am. I know where I belong. I am Minabamun*.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}