{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy03\hr12\min42\sec55}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy03\hr12\min42\sec55}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mirror on the wall}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Am i for real? }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Or a reflection meant to dwell?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Coz i got nothing to tell}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Or commodity to sell}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Just a soul running from the kill}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You can call me immortal}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For all i have survived }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Survived war, hunger, drought, Covid-19 and so many more}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For how long am going to be a refugee?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 How long am i gonna stuck in this place?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When i look around me, all i see is misery}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Of vulnerable individuals }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All i see is, hopeless energetic young men}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Who have watched their years crumble at their feet }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Each and everyday, they yearn for change}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But its yet to come and they don\uc0{\u8217}t know when}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They have been living in dreams }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And are now afraid to face their realities }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Because of what they might find }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Am like a mirror on the wall}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stagnant at one position }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I can\uc0{\u8217}t move until am moved }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Always the same each and every year }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When a new day comes, its the same as always }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sometimes i look up the sky and sees a new moon}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hoping that my life will transform like the new moon }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Is it a crime to be a refugee? }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why me? }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Is this my destiny or someone is deciding my fate?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Am always lonely, no one knows what am going through}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No one feels the pain of being me in this jungle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I felt its home, but its no difference to the hell i came from. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Thought i would be loved, but i was wrong}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All i am is a mirror stuck on a wall.}}\par
\sect
}