{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy26\hr05\min55\sec34}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy26\hr05\min55\sec34}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 During this week I decided to visit my friend who stays a long way and his name is Felix. On my way to see Felix I observed something that is very strange and I was so touched observing that. There is a school that is located in Area 25 Lilongwe, its name is called Dzenza.\uc0{\u160} On my way to look at my friend, I got lost somehow at sungwi bus depot. I decided to buy sugarcane so that I can spend some time waiting for my friend. I was hoping to meet my friend as soon as possible but the phone connection was not good because when I was calling him his number could not be reached. After a period of 1 hour the phone number passed through and I was able to reach him and I told him that I was at sungwi bus depot and he should come to pick me up because it was my first time to be there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 During my time at sungwi depot, something happened that made me question how this life is. I saw pupils coming from school during break time where I was buying sugarcane. It doesn\uc0{\u8217}t mean that these children had money to buy the sugarcane but they were coming to beg from people for them to be given the sugarcane. Those people who felt pity for them could share some sugar cane to them but some could just leave them just like that. The children who not have access to sugarcane would wait for the ones who buy to remove the top part of the sugar cane and they eat the remaining that was thrown away because they had nothing to eat during break time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I asked myself wondering how do they study and how do they pass if they go to school while feeling hungry. I decided to take the little money I was having and I bought five sugarcane and I shared it among them. When the other children saw that I was sharing sugarcane they all came to me begging that I should buy for them unfortunately I had no enough money for me to buy them sugarcane. I felt so bad because I was not able to buy them anything but the little, I had was enough for me because I saw a smile on their face.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After some time, Felix found me at the depot and I explained to him what had happened and he felt pity for the children. He told me that he has 2,000 kwacha in his pocket and we should buy the rest of the children some sugarcane.\uc0{\u160} I was so happy to see how Felix and I shared the same feeling regarding the children who just came from break time and had nothing to eat. We decided to give the money to the seller of the sugarcane and he divided the sugarcanes so that it could fit the children who were there. After leaving, I had an idea of visiting the same place again to share good moment with the children.}}\par
\sect
}