{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo12\dy12\hr01\min14\sec50}{\revtim \yr2022\mo12\dy12\hr01\min14\sec50}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The extremely hot sun hitting my bald head as I run to look for a tree shade to cool off. I would have walked but the earth beneath me was so hot it felt like walking on hells grounds, I\uc0{\u8217}d presume.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Rumbling and screams come from behind me ,my soul literally left my body ,fear running through my body like a marathon,I start to run as fast as my eight year old tiny legs could carry me. With tears in my eyes I start thinking of my family, if they were safe or running behind me in that crowd ,\uc0{\u8221}what if they are not ?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221} How will I find them , are we going to run to another unknown place again?\uc0{\u8221} At this point I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know if I should turn back for mama and the rest or if I should just keep on running to this unknown location.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 as I was lost in my thoughts , I felt myself fall to the ground all of a sudden , I was so confused , a sting on my knee as I looked to my knees I start crying so loudly after I saw the bloody knee, I\uc0{\u8217}m that instant I felt so much pain than before I saw the grazed knee. \uc0{\u8220} Does pain come only when the eyes have seen the injury?\uc0{\u8221} Well that\uc0{\u8217}s a question for another day\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u160}}{\cf0\f0\i so back to what I was saying,}{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}i keep crying until I hear a woman shouting \uc0{\u8220}I hope my son and husband are there.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Thats when it hit me like a dijavu, this was just like the time my mama and I arrived at this refugee camp. Families were running to the buses that drop us off to the camp sites , new refugee arrivals, I get a little strength and pull myself up from the human stampede and find my way away whilst I start running again to the bus stop area. I half as I see the several buses and all the people coming out, families reuniting with tears in their eyes. For some reason I was smiling and tearing up as well when a little boy caught my attention. He was about five to six years old , he sat by the bus foot sobbing and looking so confused and hungry, he barely had anything on aside from a torn red T-shirt ,well that wasn\uc0{\u8217}t shocking since I had just a big T-shirt on myself. I find my way through the crowd of crying families to him, sat next to him and smiled, he smiled through the tears in his eyes , \uc0{\u8220}Sango\uc0{\u8221} I say to him \uc0{\u8220}Malamu\uc0{\u8221} he replied. I asked where his mama was and he said he didn\uc0{\u8217}t know . My heart sank ,I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t imagine life without my mama, he was just but a little child all alone in this new place.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the bus hoofs signaling that it was getting ready to leave, I held his hand and got to the roadside and ask \uc0{\u8220} I\uc0{\u8217}m called Seka and you ?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Brian\uc0{\u8221} he says softly , \uc0{\u8220} do you want to come home and eat food and play with me and my friends ?? Today we are eating sombe at home , do you like sombe??\uc0{\u8221} He nods and we start walking back to our tent. \uc0{\u8220}The ground here is so hot we should run so that it doesn\uc0{\u8217}t burn so much.\uc0{\u8221} I say to him, he nods again and we start skipping and running as I showed him where some of my friends lived ,the school we all go to and the shop with the best sweets. I halt all of a sudden and ask him if I could be his mama ,he nods again and laughs , I was so happy I took out my 50shilling coin from where I had tied it to my shirt ,Mama had given it to me a while back for having good results in school . I had been saving it for when school opened and I always moved with it everywhere I went to show my friends but today was the day I was going to use it. \uc0{\u8220}I skip to the other side of the road with my son right behind me, we stop at a shop,I pass the shop keeper the coin and point at the pink sweets, they were four for 50shillings. He passes over the sweets and I hand over two to my son . He smiled and thanked me. \uc0{\u8220}I should be the best mom ever,\uc0{\u8221} I thought to myself with a wide smile on my face as we continue with our run home. We approach our tent and I see\uc0{\u160}}{\cf0\f0\i Dede}{\cf0\f0  picking some sticks for firewood, well if you were thinking what\uc0{\u160}}{\cf0\f0\i Dede\uc0{\u160}}{\cf0\f0 was? That\uc0{\u8217}s the term we use for grandmother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Dede, Dede look I have a son,\uc0{\u8221} I scream as we approach the tent. Dede stood up to see us ,not sure she had heard what I said so I kept repeating, \uc0{\u8220}Dede Dede look I have a son , I found him at the bus drop off,\uc0{\u8221} her jaw dropped as her eyes grew wide with shock. \uc0{\u8220}Gutru,\uc0{\u8221} she called out for mama as we approach her, I turn to Brian \uc0{\u8220} this is your big Dede now,\uc0{\u8221} I introduce him to her. Mum comes out from the kitchen area which was a plastic carpet that divided the compound. Confused she asks who my friend was and with so much excitement I tell her what had happened and how he became my son. Her eyes grew just like Dede\uc0{\u8217}s did as she looked over from Brian to Dede. We stood in silence for a second until Mama said, \uc0{\u8220} but seka it\uc0{\u8217}s not right to pick up someone from the bus drop off without them being registered, we have to take him back, maybe his family might be looking for him.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220} but I am his mama now, I don\uc0{\u8217}t want him to leave, he will not have a bed if he goes back, what if he gets cold and alone and scared ??\uc0{\u8221} I kept sobbing. \uc0{\u8220} okay okay , he can sleep here tonight and keep warm but tomorrow we shall have to take him back to the registration offices and ask for his family, if there is no family then he can become your new brother but not your son my dear,\uc0{\u8221} Dede says with a warm smile as she holds both me and Brian\uc0{\u8217}s hands as leads us to the tent.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That night we played hide and seek with our friends before supper and after supper we sat by the fire like we always did every night but tonight I had my son with me ,Mama covered us with a blanket as we listened to the folk stories grandma told us, we mostly had stories about the brave Mr Hare and the bad wolf , I had always wanted to be as brave as Mr Hare and as quick as him. Finally we went to bed and my son was happy, I could see it in-fact I could feel it, that really made my heart happy, we slept peacefully.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next morning we woke up as early as 6am and went to the neighbor\uc0{\u8217}s \uc0{\u160}compound to play dodge ball before breakfast, later we mama bathed both me and Brian and had him wear one of my T-shirts and church shoes. I was too small for an eight year old so the clothes fit him perfectly. The sun was not as hot yet so mama carried Brian on her back as Dede carried me. We reached the registration office ,there were so many people already there , \uc0{\u8220} how are we going to be able to find Brian\uc0{\u8217}s parents or family?\uc0{\u8221} Mama said to Dede. \uc0{\u8220}Mummy,\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u160}Brian shouted as he struggled to get off mama\uc0{\u8217}s back. A tall thin dark woman turned around , she had been crying it was clear, her eyes were puffy like she had not slept nor eaten the entire night. As soon as she saw Brian she screamed for joy and ran to us. Mama untied Brian and the two hugged so tightly. We all stood with smiles on our faces as we watched the two reunite, I\uc0{\u8217}d never been happier\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}