{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy22\hr13\min23\sec28}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy22\hr13\min23\sec28}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lebo landed in South Africa with great joy and enthusiasm. He had come by Lufthansa Germany Airways direct from Frankfurt Airport to OR Tambo Airport Airport in Johannesburg, South Africa. It was an 11 hour journey cutting across the whole of Africa from the Sahara\uc0{\u8217}s meeting point with the Mediterranean to South Africa the tip of the continent at the south. The plane was an old 747 jumbo jet, so old that the on-seat monitor kept freezing struggling to display even the GPS route let alone play a\uc0{\u160} movie. The usb sockets \uc0{\u8211} a feature in all modern planes \uc0{\u8211} did exist on the jumbo jet. Each time turbulence hit the plane, the first class compartment on top of economy where Lebo sat \uc0{\u8211} would shake the frame of the aeroplane violently. Lebo didn\uc0{\u8217}t didn\uc0{\u8217}t mind \uc0{\u8211} he had a comforter blanket that he now smuggles onto planes each time he travels nowadays. Lebo had slept all the way until the plane was two hours from entering South Africa airspace. The journey had been surprisingly pleasant. Lebo had looked out of the window and gazed below as the plane passed through the Democratic Republic of Congo and below he saw some red earth airstrips in the middle of nowhere in the largest rain-forests in the world. What were those? Militias mining cobalt and smuggling it along with diamonds? Small planes strips to deliver malaria tablets to far off communities? Government soldiers landing to take on the M23 rebels in the vast Congo rain-forests? No one ever knew and Congo was a mysterious even to the Congolese thought Lebo as the plane crossed over Hwange Colliery in Zimbabwe\uc0{\u8217}s airspace. Hwange was big, a vestige of a bygone colonial era. The Hwange Coal Colliery had some of the biggest furnaces in Africa \uc0{\u8211} burning wet coal to power the economies of Zimbabwe and Zambia two countries divided by the world\uc0{\u8217}s largest man-made dam. The view of the Hwange Colliery quickly vanished as the plane made twists and turns coming to land at Johannesburg\uc0{\u8217}s airport.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Does Germany travel document come visa-free into South Africa?\uc0{\u8221} the passport officer at South Africa\uc0{\u8217}s OR Tambo Airport asked his colleague when he weaved Lebo\uc0{\u8217}s passport.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes it needs visa,\uc0{\u8221} his male colleague answered her swiftly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She glanced at Lebo \uc0{\u8211} perhaps startled why a Black African has a Germany travel document. She perused the pages of Lebo\uc0{\u8217}s passport and finally told her colleague \uc0{\u8220}yeah it got visa, inside\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lebo\uc0{\u8217}s breadth was held he saw the passport officer finally scan the visa in his passport and stamped three months visa on it. \uc0{\u8220}Conditions: tourism \uc0{\u8211} no work\uc0{\u8221}, she wrote on Lebo\uc0{\u8217}s passport before waving him into South Africa.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A cleaning lady approached Lebo in the customs area \uc0{\u8211} \uc0{\u8220}Abudi ke kopa tuso\uc0{\u8221} she said in the native SeTswana language.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lebo knew the drill \uc0{\u8211} the lady was asking for any small coins. Lebo quickly fetched a 5 South African rand and gladly handed her before vanishing into the airport bathroom.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Welcome to my office, good day,\uc0{\u8221} the toilet cleaner greeted Lebo warmly. Lebo gladly went into the toilet cubicle to relieve himself and later emerged out with a 10 South Africa rand tip for the toilet cleaner. By now he knew the routine. \uc0{\u8220}Welcome to my office\uc0{\u8221} is how toilet cleaners at South Africa\uc0{\u8217}s OR Tambo Airport greet people disembarking from planes and wanting a quick relief in the bathroom. It\uc0{\u8217}s a code for \uc0{\u8211} may I have some small change, food packet anything from the plane. The cleaners are poor, South Africa is now so poor and the poor are Black. Expecting airport passengers who want to urinate to pay a tip to bathroom cleaners is now standard at OR Tambo Airport.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lebo was excited to be in South Africa for the first time in 3 years as he bought an MTN sim card in an MTN network shop by the airport arrivals hall foyer. He got free 3Gigabytes of MTN data and airtime when the shop assistant inserted his new simcard into his iphone. Lebo was overexcited at once and went straight to call Ncebisana his Twitter South African girlfriend.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yeeeeeeeeeh at last you are in South Africa and I can\uc0{\u8217}t wait to see ya,\uc0{\u8221} Ncebisana said as she answered Lebo\uc0{\u8217}s call on the MTN network.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I am booking a hotel, the Airport Guest Inn and Suites. I am sending a taxi over to bring you to the hotel tommorrow,\uc0{\u8221} Lebo promised Ncebisana.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Worry not, I am yours babes,\uc0{\u8221} Ncebisana promised Lebo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lebo was overexcited \uc0{\u8211} he will meet his Twitter girlfriend for the very first time tommorrow and be with her the whole night. It was a dream come true as he dialled his cellphone in the morning to arrange his girlfriend\uc0{\u8217}s arrival.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He dialled for the first time \uc0{\u8211} Ncebisana didn\uc0{\u8217}t touch it. He dialled again \uc0{\u8211} it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t answered. Lebo thought it was a fluke and perhaps Ncebisana was away from her cellphone. He dialled the whole day, 100 calls and she didn\uc0{\u8217}t pick it up. He dialled her close friends \uc0{\u8211} and she wasn\uc0{\u8217}t picking up their calls. Ncebisana went suddenly cold on Lebo. It was Day 1 and Lebo thought perhaps her celphone had been stolen or she was under a mental health spell. So made 100 more calls again on the following day and they went unanswered.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lebo was so hurt \uc0{\u8211} two weeks on \uc0{\u8211} when it dawned on him he had been played for a fool. He had flown 11 000km from Germany for a date that didn\uc0{\u8217}t exit.}}\par
\sect
}