{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy21\hr16\min52\sec43}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy21\hr16\min52\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One year ago, I was involved in a relationship with a woman, Malingunde from Chikwawa who was staying with her elder sister in Lilongwe. Our relationship became intimate and after four months, she informed me that she was pregnant. I took the news calmly, neither denying nor accepting her claim, and asked about her plans. She told me she would wait and see how things developed. Unfortunately, we experienced a communication break down due to technical issues with her phone at the time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a couple of weeks, I phoned her at night and I was shocked to be met with insults. She told me that she was not carrying my baby and handed the phone to her new boyfriend, who verbally harassed and humiliated me before blocking me. I needed several months to heal emotionally from this incident.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Eight months into her pregnancy, she showed up at my home, claiming that I was responsible for her condition. Despite my attempts to deny it, the various threats made me accept the situation, accepted the baby to be mine.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After some time, I moved to Mponela in search of better opportunities, leaving her with my relatives so that they can monitor her condition. A month and half later, we were blessed with a baby girl. However, something suspicious happened when my girlfriend attempted to send me a photo of the newborn on WhatsApp messenger. She sent me two pictures of the baby. One of the photos was taken at an angle that captured both the baby\uc0{\u8217}s and the person who was together with my girlfriend, and they looked strikingly similar. At the time, I was using my uncle\uc0{\u8217}s WhatsApp to receive the photos. My uncle and his wife noticed the similarity and questioned me, \uc0{\u8221}Who took these pictures? Why did they capture the baby and this other person? Is he related to your girlfriend? My uncle kept asking out of curiosity. I said yes to avoid further questions, but I had the same concerns as they did.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I started remembering that she would sometimes recalling the incident when the other boyfriend of her insulted me on the phone. This issue has troubled me ever since, and I truly believe that the child may not be mine. We eventually parted ways, but she refuses to acknowledge our separation, insisting that we are still in a relationship.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have tried to prevent her calls, and although I have attempted to send financial support for the baby, my economic challenges have made it difficult. Each time I send money, my life feels abnormal, leading me to believe that she may have used it for malevolent purposes. I took a decision to cut the communication between us. When the month ends, I just send her the money on her mobile without talking to her. On the other hand, I am trying to find money so that I can go back and get the DNA test to verify if the baby is mine because I believe she might have been using me all along.}}\par
\sect
}