{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy10\hr18\min19\sec46}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy10\hr18\min19\sec46}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My name is Pascal, I live alone and I don\uc0{\u8217}t know any of my relatives as I was just raised by a granny who took me from the streets, she died when I just finished my secondary school and till then I started living alone. I struggled to go further with my education but luckily, I got a scholarship and went to the university.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I finished school five years ago at DMI university in Malawi and managed to get my degree in computer science. I started looking for a Job immediately but couldn\uc0{\u8217}t get one. I submitted my application letter and CV to several companies and many organizations but none of the companies nor the organizations responded to my application.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite not getting any job I never lost hope I continued with submitting the CV hoping that one day one of them might call me. While waiting for a reply on my applications, I decided to do some small businesses like selling cloths and shoes. The small business did not progress as I was expecting. I was not getting any enough profit from it. Life was hard but I kept going without giving up.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day my phone rung, I checked who was calling and I found out that it was an unknown number, I picked up the phone and I heard a feminine voice \uc0{\u8220}Hello, I\uc0{\u8217}m I talking to Pascal? You are called for an interview at Ubuntu organization tomorrow at 2 p.m\uc0{\u8221} I was filled with joy and happiness as it was my first time to be called for an interview since I finished school five years ago.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The day for the interview reached and I got prepared, I wore my old shirt, a jean trouser and my favorite shoe because I never own a suit and I had no money to buy one. When I reached at the destined place other interviewee were looking good in their new suits and shoes, they all looked at me, I felt intimidated. I went and sat down waiting for the interviewers to come.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A moment later a female followed by several men came in and told us that they will start conducting the interviews in five minutes, my heart skipped because I was so nervous and I really wanted to get this job. After five minutes the lady came and I was the first one to be called. I went in the room where the interview was being conducted and I was offered a seat, I sat down. My heart was beating so fast that a person near me could hear my heartbeat.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The interview began and I introduce myself, and responded to their questions. After the interviews I was told that they will call me if I manage to get the job. I went back home and stayed waiting for them to call me back. 3 months passed no one called me. I followed up with the organization and I was told that I did well in the interview however, they wanted diversity in the team. I could not get the job as people from my nationality were many in the team. They considered a person from another nation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I felt very back hearing the sad news and I saw myself as a person with bad luck. The only job that could change my life is no longer available after waiting for so long. Though I did not get the Job I have not lost hope. I will continue applying for any job opportunity I see until I break the chain of bad luck.}}\par
\sect
}