{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy10\hr11\min21\sec19}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy10\hr11\min21\sec19}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was now two weeks after the wedding and Rita was still staying with us. I noticed that my husband always leave our room in the middle of the night and always come back in the early morning hours. One night, we had all gone to bed. As usual he left our room in the middle of the night, I stayed in our bed wondering where he goes every night.\uc0{\u160}}{\cf0\f0\i Is he cheating on me, or he\uc0{\u8217}s a money ritualist?\uc0{\u160}}{\cf0\f0 This thought went on and on. To clear my doubts, I got up to go check what he was up to. As I was passing, I noticed that Ritah\uc0{\u8217}s room still had light and there was some weird sound coming out of it. I decided to there to see if she\uc0{\u8217}s doing fine. On opening the door, guess what I saw, my best friend and my husband having sex. I was shocked, for a moment my brain stopped working and my body couldn\uc0{\u8217}t move, I stood still by the door. All I could here was my husband asking me to leave the room because they were still busy but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t move an inch due to the shock. He got up and pushed me out by himself and shut the door right behind me. I walked back to my room and unable to say a word or even cry. The pain was unbearable, my best friend and my husband? No, there must be some explanation, I thought to myself. I convinced myself that that must be a mistake and that there was some explanation to it. I was not ready to accept the truth though it was right before my eyes. My mind went far to thoughts.\uc0{\u160}}{\cf0\f0\i How comes I didn\uc0{\u8217}t realize anything yet it was right under my noise.\uc0{\u160}}{\cf0\f0 I felt so suffocated, I felt as though I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t breathe anymore. But my mind assured me that there must be some explanation still. I waited up till morning, as usual he got back the normal time he normally does. Do you mind telling me what\uc0{\u8217}s going on here? I asked. Something that\uc0{\u8217}s none of your business, he shamelessly replied. I got pissed and left the room, I found Ritah sitting in the living room and I asked her to leave my house, she got up and slapped me so hard and told me she\uc0{\u8217}s going no where unless my husband ask her to, the audacity she had oh God. On hearing the noise I\uc0{\u8217}m the living room, my husband came as fast as he could to see what was going on. Can you imagine, your useless wife wants to throw me out of this house. Ritah shouted. What? Did you say that to Ritah? My husband replied.Yes I did, she must leave my house. I replied. My husband slapped me without caring that am pregnant and asked me never to repeat that again and just left immediately. I remained there crying and Ritah walked away too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Few hours later, I heard Ritah calling out to me, I went to see what was going on, why isn\uc0{\u8217}t the food ready yet, do you want to starve me in this house. She shouted at me. Get out of my room and go and get me what to eat. I looked at her unable to understand what could have happened to change her this much. Well I left the room to go get her food, I had to do this because I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want my husband to chase me out of the house with my pregnancy. Day by day, my husband only listen to Ritah, he even had to ask for permission to go to the office. I realized that everything happening was not normal at all. My husband couldn\uc0{\u8217}t have changed so much within that short period of time. Could Titan have done something to him, I thought to myself. No, I think am just over thinking. Well, I still convinced myself to find out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To be continued\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}..}}\par
\sect
}