{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy17\hr15\min01\sec24}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy17\hr15\min01\sec24}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Me and Ritah were the best of friends and everyone in the community really admired our friendship. We loved each other so much to the point where we could see each other like sisters. I was getting married to the man of my dreams and love of my life. We were seeing each other for a while, when I found out I was pregnant, I informed my fiance about it so we had to rush our wedding before the pregnancy started showing. As my wedding procession was going on, I asked my fiance to allow me bring my best friend Ritah into our home so that she could help me out with the wedding arrangements. Ritah helped me out with the planning and everything went on so well. Little did I know that she was seducing my soon to be husband behind my back. On my wedding day, she helped me dress up and the wedding went on smoothly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was now two weeks after the wedding, my husband and I were sleeping at night and when I woke up in the middle of the night, he was no where to be seen in the bedroom, that\uc0{\u8217}s when I got out of bed and searched the house to find him. I looked everywhere except for Ritah\uc0{\u8217}s room because I knew that he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t be there at that time of the night. But never the less I still went inside to ask her if she had seen my husband only for me to walk in her room and find them having sex. I was in total shock and couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe that my husband and my best friend would do this to me. I was so heartbroken. When I got inside the room and asked what was happening, my husband chased me out of the room and told me not to interrupt him as he is busy. When I stood there in shock unable to understand what was really going on, he got up and pushed me out of the room and locked the door. I went back to my bedroom in tears and looking so miserable waiting for my husband to come and give me an explanation. He didn\uc0{\u8217}t return till the next morning and didn\uc0{\u8217}t say a word to. I went downstairs and asked Ritah to leave my house and that\uc0{\u8217}s when my husband interfered and slapped me and told me to my face that she\uc0{\u8217}s going no where. He told me that I had no right in that house to decide who stays and who lives. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe that all that was coming out of my husband\uc0{\u8217}s mouth, a man that I had just got married too and that he didn\uc0{\u8217}t even care that I was pregnant for his child.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Days went by with my husband following everything\uc0{\u160} Ritah tells him, suddenly, I became crazy, they asked the gateman to lock me in the boy\uc0{\u8217}s quarter. I would eat once in a day and spent very many days without even taking a bathe. I delivered a bouncing baby boy, Ritah and my husband took him away from me and got him a nanny since she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t stand taking care of my baby. The nanny they had brought to take care of my child was so kind and prayerful. Whenever she would bring me food, she would clean me up and pray for me. One day as she was praying for me, I came back to my normal sense, everything around me was so weired. I asked her was I was looking like a mad woman, that\uc0{\u8217}s when she narrated to me how I was behaving like a mad woman. I rushed into the main house immediately to get my son, that\uc0{\u8217}s when I got Rita on the floor shouting that she would confess. Minutes before she started confessing my husband came home.\uc0{\u8221}I was the reason behind your madness, and I was the one who made your husband to change his mind about you. I had gone to the witch doctor to help me take control of your house and husband and that\uc0{\u8217}s when he gave me something to put in his food. And that\uc0{\u8217}s what I did.\uc0{\u8221}Said Ritah. I was shocked that my best friend could actually do this to me. My husband was so furious that he wanted to kill her for he had also come back to his normal sense. But he put himself together and held back. We called the police and they came and took her away. Me and my husband also sorted out our difference and forgave each other and started our lives afresh with our soon.}}\par
\sect
}