{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy24\hr13\min28\sec52}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy24\hr13\min28\sec52}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It took me\uc0{\u160} a whole month to find out what Ritah was upto. I struggled to find out whether my husband\uc0{\u8217}s love for Ritah was actually true or she had actually charmed him. One month after my husband had been following everything Ritah tells him, I bumped into one of mine and Ritah\uc0{\u8217}s friend from the village when I had gone to buy food stuffs to prepare for diner. She told me that Ritah was seen in the village every weekend. So all the weekends that Ritah was claiming to be catching up with her friends was just a cover up to go to the village. But what I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t understand was why she would lie about this. My instinct told me that Ritah has been upto no good. }{\cf0\f0\i If I really want to find out what she\uc0{\u8217}s upto, I must travel to the village, I might just find some clues there. I thought to myself.}{\cf0\f0  That friend of ours that gave me that information was in a hurry so we couldn\uc0{\u8217}t catch up that much. I too had to rush back home to cook for Ritah and my husband since I had gone to the market. When I got home, I prepared the meal for diner. It was seven in the evening and everyone was home, Ritah was from doing her shopping and my husband got back from work too. I served the food and they all came down for diner. Since I was taken as a maid, I always sat and ate my meal on the ground and them on the dining table. After diner, I collected the plates and cleaned up the dinning then came back and sat down. I told them that I had to rush to the village to go see my sick uncle, Ritah just got up and left the dinning yelling that I could go if I wanted to. That no body is holding my legs. My husband got up and followed her silently. I had already told myself that I would go to the village at any cost if at all I wanted my husband back. With each day that passed by, my husband\uc0{\u8217}s reaction towards me worsen. He couldn\uc0{\u8217}t even greet me or look me in the face. He would see me like trash. The fact that my tradition doesn\uc0{\u8217}t allow me to go back to my father\uc0{\u8217}s house because he has married me made me so helpless. Because if it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t because of that I would have returned back home. But I had to endure all that humiliation till I could get my husband out of Ritah\uc0{\u8217}s trap.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Early morning next day, I left for the village. It took me a while to reach to the village with our bad road. When I got there, I went straight to my father\uc0{\u8217}s house. I narrated to him and my mother how Ritah snatched my husband right before my eyes. I also told them about the humiliation that I was going through in my own house. My parents were so sad on hearing this, they couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe it. After eating the food cooked by my mom after such a long time, I took some rest because I was tired from the journey. Next day early morning, I took a stroll around the village to check on my friends. I met my friend Daisy on her way to the market. I escorted her to the market, and on our way. She told me about the place where Ritah would go to whenever she came to the village. Shockingly it was the house of a witch doctor that lived down near River Aswa. This really confirmed my suspicion against Ritah. We got done at the market and both me and Daisy separated on our way back home. I rushed back home as though someone was chasing me. I told my parents that I had to rush back to the city to save my husband. I told them that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have time to explain anything at that time. The good thing about those types of accusations in my country is that the person being accused should take an ought before the great god of our land in order to prove his or her self innocent. I took an evening bus that day because I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t wait till the morning to travel to the city. The bus left at around three pm in the evening and reached the city at around seven pm in the evening. My main aim was to convince both my husband and Ritah that they were needed in the village for something important. I wanted to make sure she reaches the village without finding out that I had got to know the truth so I could just bring the case up infront of the elders. I knew if she had known why we were going to the village, she might just out smart me. Little did I know that she was step ahead of me. About ten minutes when I had just gotten home, before I could even get a chance to talk to the both of them. I suddenly run mad and that\uc0{\u8217}s where my worst nightmare begun once again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 To be continued\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}..}\par
\sect
}