{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy01\hr18\min22\sec13}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy01\hr18\min22\sec13}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The moment I heard a sad news that my best friend has been arrested is the moment I felt like the world is not sweet anymore. After learning the truth behind his arrest, I understood that he was guilt and supposed to be where he is. It has been 3 years without meeting my best friend because he stays far from me. The last time I went to visit him was in December 2019. We really had fun that time plus it was time for Christmas and New Year. After that time, we were just communicating through the phone. A lot went on as we were growing up that we could not find more time to chat due to responsibilities that we both have.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In 2022, I realized that there was a huge change in the way we were communicating. Five months could pass without even saying hello to each other. However, I could take it as if it was normal since we were all busy with our personal lives. My conscious told me that I should check on my best friend since it was long time without talking. When I called, his number could not be reachable. Since I have the phone number of his wife, I went straight and called her to find out what happened since her husband\uc0{\u8217}s phone is not passing through.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What my friend\uc0{\u8217}s wife told me was very surprising to me. She told me that she no longer stays with my friend and they divorced long time ago. I was very shocked to hear this news from her. I never bothered to ask her the reasons why they are not together to avoid causing her double pain by making her remember the tragic moments they passed through. In my mind, I told myself that I need to visit my best friend to find out what has been going on. Unfortunately, I did not manage to visit him because the money that I could use for transportation covered other things at home. However, I was saving some money to go and see him this coming April.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A sad news came to me that my best friend was arrested because of producing fake money. I could not believe the news and decided to witness it live. I never waited to go and see him in April but I just decided to go and visit him in the prison. When I reached there, I was very shocked to see how my friend who used to be fat became very thin in unimaginable way. The police gave me ten minutes to talk to him but I made use of that time to ask him the truth behind his arrest. He agreed that he did produce fake money. I was super disappointed in him since I was not expecting to have a friend who was a criminal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I asked him about his wife but he lied to me that they are still together. It looked like he was feeling shy for me to know that he messed up. With the way our friendship was, I could not believe that he could do something like that. I told him the truth that I spoke to his wife and she told the truth about their divorce. I did not have much to say. I was just shading tears wondering why he decided to engage himself in a behavior that ruined his life. I stood up and went back home. I hope my best friend learns from his mistakes and when he comes out of prison, he should be a complete changed person.}}\par
\sect
}