{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy25\hr10\min19\sec51}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy25\hr10\min19\sec51}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My brother Kavamatatiku is a 24-year-old man attending a public university in Lilongwe and since 2021, he hasn\uc0{\u8217}t had a serious girlfriend. The ones he has met along the way haven\uc0{\u8217}t seemed right for him. About a month ago, he started a relationship with a girl who is in her final year at DMI University. My brother told me \uc0{\u8220}We hit it off, and she seems to possess all the qualities I look for in a partner. Our communication has been excellent, and we\uc0{\u8217}ve been there for each other\uc0{\u8221}. I was moved with what my brother told me and I was happy that he has finally found love.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There is something that troubles my brother now. He is struggling financially and the girl has asks him for money many times. He hasn\uc0{\u8217}t been able to provide for her even once and that bothers your brother a lot. When he came for advice, I told him that \uc0{\u8220}I believe that love involves giving but, in your case, you are unable to support her due to your financial situation\uc0{\u8221}. My brother thought that if he went and explained this to her honestly, she would end the relationship thinking that her man is irresponsible.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was honest with my brother about advising him to go and tell his girlfriend that he is unable to do what she needs because he used to tell him to wait and he will look for the money. When my brother went to talk to her, she agreed to stay with him and understand his situation. My brother was so happy knowing that he found someone who could understand his hardships.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My brother\uc0{\u8217}s concerns arose when his girlfriend claimed her phone would be unavailable for 48 hours due to a survey she was conducting in area 49. Then, it happened again on another weekend, with the same excuse. She returned on Sunday evening, claiming her phone had malfunctioned. This situation triggered his suspicions. While he cannot provide for her materially, he wonders if she is being honest about her whereabouts when she is unreachable. Despite his love for her, these incidents raise doubts in his mind all the time. I am struggling to advise my brother either he has found true love or not.}}\par
\sect
}