{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy11\hr13\min25\sec40}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy11\hr13\min25\sec40}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My crush Lokendo holds a special place in my heart, yet his words often leave shadows of doubt over my feelings. Each encounter with him feels affecting me mentally. The pain remains from the day he casually mentioned wanting two wives in his future marriage. This talk traumatized me for I want a partner who is dedicated only to me. He once joked about having twins with me but it troubled my emotions. It was at the Dzaleka Health Centre, during one of my visits to see him, that he threw this playful yet disturbing comments about mixing me with others.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our bond is strong. He shares his life with me, his phone, his thoughts, and his moments. This is a connection beyond friendship. But what he says sometimes are like sharp arrows that stab through my heart, leaving me in a rapid of conflicting emotions in me. The fear of heartbreak holds me back from surrendering to this promising affection. Lokendo\uc0{\u8217}s closeness is both comforting and terrifying. It is as if I stand at a confusion place and unsure whether to take the chance or not. The dilemma is painful and I wonder if I should risk my heart for the possibility of a deeper connection or protect it by remaining in the friendship zone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I think a lot about our friendship and how some things Lokendo says make me feel. Sometimes, he says things that make me unsure about how he really feels. He shares a lot with me, and it makes me feel close to him. But then, he says things that confuse me and make me doubt our connection. I wonder if talking to Lokendo about how his words affect me would help. Maybe he doesn\uc0{\u8217}t realize how his words hurt me. Maybe he\uc0{\u8217}s trying to say something else, but it comes out in a way that upsets me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I feel stuck between two choices, should I tell Lokendo how I feel and risk getting hurt, or should I keep my feelings to myself to avoid getting hurt? But even if I protect my feelings, it does not mean our friendship is not important to me. It just means I want to take care of my own feelings. I am being careful about what to do next. I really like our friendship, but I\uc0{\u8217}m not sure if it could be something more. I want to keep things good between us while I think about what I really want. Whether our friendship stays the same or becomes something more, I want to feel okay inside. My own feelings matter the most to me.}}\par
\sect
}