{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy13\hr21\min49\sec15}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy13\hr21\min49\sec15}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 MY DAUGHTER\uc0{\u8217}S 11 YEARS OLD HEN}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was early in the morning and we were arranging chairs and cleaning the compound. \uc0{\u8220}Let\uc0{\u8217}s be fast, the invitees will be arriving soon,\uc0{\u8221} said my Husband. I had just given birth to my amazing daughter Devine. Soon after being released from the hospital, after two weeks we threw a small party to welcome our new born child. We had invited close family members and friends on this day. We were all happy to share drinks and food. I cleaned my baby after taking my bath. I dressed in a beautiful dark red dress on this day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The invitees came in respect to the invitation. And many of them came with different gifts. Some brought baby toys, and some brought cloth. However, my father in-law\uc0{\u8217}s gift to my daughter outshined all other gifts. \uc0{\u8220}Here is a hen I gave to my granddaughter,\uc0{\u8221} said Father in-law. My husband and I were so moved and happy on this day. It is a day that we cherish and clearly remember. After drinking and eating food and short one on one conversations the party ended. I was so exhausted that I went directly to bed. My husband later on joined me after all the guests had left.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My husband and I talked about the chicken, though we wanted to eat the chicken, different thoughts came to mind. \uc0{\u8220}My husband we will not eat the chicken, it is not ours but our daughter\uc0{\u8217}s.\uc0{\u8221} I spoke. Let\uc0{\u8217}s pet this chicken. Though my husband seemed reluctant to my idea, he still agreed. We kept the chicken and took good care of it for the sake of our daughter. When my daughter turned five years old, we trained her to care for the chicken. My daughter developed a strong bond with the chicken.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She could not allow us to take her to school without saying bye to the chicken. She kissed it goodbye before leaving. After school she could spend the rest of the day playing it. \uc0{\u8220}Won\uc0{\u8217}t you give her a name.\uc0{\u8221} my husband said to Devine. \uc0{\u8220}Help me name her.\uc0{\u8221} Let\uc0{\u8217}s name her light.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}You like the name?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Yes papa.\uc0{\u8221} My daughter was happy. She loved and played around with Light. At some point we wanted to bathe the chicken and we stopped her. The chicken got used to her to the point of following Devine. My daughter grew up with light. As my daughter was growing into a beautiful young lady, Light was growing old.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After eight years the hen was not playful as before. It was too weak to run around as it used to. My daughter however, still cared for it as she always did. The hen could go out, move around and come back in the evening to its home. It knew in and out of its home that it never got lost even once. However, two days before the 11th birthday of my daughter, it went out and it never came back. We looked and searched for it to no avail. My daughter refused to celebrate her birthday. After a month of search without finding Light, all odds concluded she was stolen and eaten.\uc0{\u160} It\uc0{\u8217}s been over a year, and my Husband and I have decided to buy a new Hen for our daughter to see if it can restore our daughter\uc0{\u8217}s happiness.}}\par
\sect
}