{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy21\hr08\min58\sec26}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy21\hr08\min58\sec26}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 MY DAD AND I}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kolwezi city/Lualaba state, in 1984 after my father\uc0{\u8217}s marriage to my mum ten months later I was boned during a night in the village called Mwazapanga, after some days my parents brought me to Mwangeji hospital at Kolwezi town for treatments as I got health problem with my shiest and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t breathe properly. And one day late when asked my mum the name of that disease she told me that it was a brushite.My youngest first images are directly linked to my dad when we went to Lubumbashi city for his work. Every single day when I think about my childhood the best souvenir that I have is my dad\uc0{\u8217}s love. He was an attentional father, and very kind to me, I can even remember his smiling and the way he hugged me everyday evening when he came back home after his hard work during the day for our wellbeing, and we were a very happy family.Even when my mum gave birth to my two brothers and five sisters, we were happy, I remember that before my sibling\uc0{\u8217}s birth when I was 11 years old, my dad brought someone else at home and said to my mum and me; this is my son from another woman his name is Mushitu, my mum and I\uc0{\u160} welcome him without any problem and accepted him as part of our family and we continue to be happy familyWhen I was 14 years old my dad\uc0{\u8217}s behavior changed, the main reason could be the loss of his job and all the business he had done with his friend\uc0{\u8217}s collapse, and that affected him for a long, among his colleagues nobody helped him to recover. So, people around him became victims of his hunger, and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t escape that situation, I handstand this later when I grew up and became mature, but during that time I didn\uc0{\u8217}t.One day my grandma told me and said: when you grow up and succeed in your life, do your best to sustain your career or business, or else you\uc0{\u8217}ll see like people around you are the source of your failure. Exactly that is what happened with my dad. Failure, hunger, and stress transformed him into another person, he started misbehaving and we became his victims at home.Things got worse and worse at home; not enough food, no gifts, more punishments and I remember one day my dad and I went to the central town to buy family\uc0{\u8217}s goods, and one of my brothers and I were looking for new shoes and I told my father and said; dad we have already bought everything needed at home and still you have some money left would you mind to buy my brother and I shoes?He looked at me and said; Hein\uc0{\u8230} not today son. I said inside me: what? But in front of him, I was speechless because I didn\uc0{\u8217}t understand him!One week after we had a discussion about something that I forgot and we ended up in a disagreement Dad got hungry with me, he looked at me and said; you know that the day we went into town I had money but I refused to buy for your shoes because you guys don\uc0{\u8217}t deserve it, and you will die poor.I felt sorrow and disappointment, tears in my eyes, pain in my heart, and I was hopeless for a long because that kind of situation became an abut at home with my dad, and the victim number one was me and I don\uc0{\u8217}t why? When I told my mother about it; most of the time she said that it was all my fault, then I didn\uc0{\u8217}t see what else to do.During that time, I used to talk with my brother Mushitu and tell him all my plans according to the situation at home, like I wanted to leave home and go to stay at my aunt\uc0{\u8217}s place, or I went to leave the town, if possible, the country. But I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know that my sibling was telling my mum all my plans.One day my mother came into our bad room and started scolding me and said: this is your plan now? I replied and said: Which plan?She replied and said; To leave home and abandon us? In my heart, I asked myself; who told her about that? Then I got the answer from Mushitu, my brother.Finally, I told my mother and said; sorry mummy for that, and I will not do it again. She was hungry and left without saying a word. But I didn\uc0{\u8217}t change my plan of leaving my family\uc0{\u8217}s place for somewhere else, where I\uc0{\u8217}ll have more support and attention.At 18 years old I met a certain guy called Papy Kabongo with whom I got a real connection as we shared some thoughts, passion, and visions of the future like what kind of career, lifestyle, wife, and number of children to have, etc. this connection brought us to be very close for years, and I was disconnected to my parents for a long temps. During that time my friend and I discovered a new world of believers through a certain lady whom Papy Kabongo loved so much and she was singing in a Revival church/Kamalondo square, Lubumbashi.When we went there I saw and felt the other side of human life out of pain, sorrow, disappointment, and abandonment through praising and worship, and the way the preacher tells us about God\uc0{\u8217}s love, and I felt the affection of the Lord, I decided to be a believer since that day, but for my friend, all the interest was about the lady\uc0{\u8217}s beauty and their relationship, and when things went wrong he stopped going there.However, I stayed there and I built a strong relationship with the people around me in the congregation, especially with the youth department, we created a project for young people in the community, the project was about how to promote youth in small businesses in collaboration with a local bank by giving them a credit according to a kind of job that individually, or collective they can do. So, when my team and I presented it to the staff ( Senior pastor, junior pastor, administrator, and the church secretary) they were amazed by the project, and they supported it. The next step was to present it to the c.i.o of the local bank in the Kamalondo area; we did, and after discussing and negotiating with him he agreed to give us a small amount of money, this is how we started doing small business in the town and by God\uc0{\u8217}s grace, we were progressing little by little.After two years I started touching money and sustained my social life and the people around me. This makes me think about my family, especially my dad. I know that it took time for me to go visit them, but every single day I prayed for them until I started feeling that I must go and visit my family. One day I went to see them and when I arrived there and met my family they welcomed me with joy all of us were happy as one because I had already forgotten all my pain and sorrow, I told my daddy and said: papa forgive me for the double I have done to you by being absent in my family for long. With a smile my dad told me; we have already forgiven you, my son!Inside my heart, I felt free, and automatically the love for my papa came back into my heart with strong power, and since that day when I went to see my family, it is with some gifts for my father. I remember when my father was suffering, my mum called me by phone and told me; Son your father is suffering and it is an emergency, you should be here. I took my car and went straight home and with my car, we brought him to the hospital and the doctor took him to the emergency room. That day I did my best for my dad to recover and be released from the hospital, by God\uc0{\u8217}s grace he recovered and went back home.My father\uc0{\u8217}s love was growing up in my heart day after day because since I was a little boy I loved my daddy, but when my dad became jobless and lost hope this transformed him into somebody else, and that situation wants to destroy us. However, love saves us all and this changed my plan because I left the country for Kanya to Nairobi for business as I wanted to have more money to sustain my family.when I arrived in Nairobi things weren\uc0{\u8217}t easy for me, this required me to have more time to build my business, and while I was strangling with my business I received a call from my mother, she told me: Son your father is in the hospital and there is nobody who can help us, unless you do something. Straight on the phone, I was hungry to see that in my absence my father was again in the hospital and the situation was very bad at that time on my side. I told my mum and said; mammy there is nothing I can do for now and I hung off my phone. I thought and saw around me there wasn\uc0{\u8217}t anybody, my mum called me again and said; Son you mean that there isn\uc0{\u8217}t someone who can help you? As I was far from my country I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t do something, after some days my young brother called me to inform me that my daddy died. I was speechless and shocked as they were nobody with me at home, I made my mourning there for three days, and I didn\uc0{\u8217}t see the reason for staying there as I lost my father which is why I went back to Lubumbashi city to see and stay with my family.This is what I did, went back and stayed with them for six months, I remember the day went to the cemetery on his tomb I was inspecting like he would tell me something but not. From that day until now I\uc0{\u8217}ve still waiting for me to come and tell me something about myself, or the family. As I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to lose his memory my new plan is to have a son or a daughter who should have his name and it will be a good way of keeping his memory among us.}}\par
\sect
}