{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy05\hr14\min05\sec19}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy05\hr14\min05\sec19}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I was growing up, as a little girl of twelve years, I had never thought of myself dating a married man. But who was I kidding? life has a way of doing its things, and sometimes what seems impossible is put to the test by the condition of life and it gives way to possibilities. It was going to be much more understandable had I ended up in the hand of a man who was slightly older than me but quite the contrary, I was dating someone who is old enough to be my father, my mother\uc0{\u8217}s age mate.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, I was going to school, 5 kilometers distance away from our home. I woke up late on that particular day. My night was almost consumed by surfing the internet to find answers to homework the teacher assigned to the whole class.\uc0{\u160} In a hurry, I started to prepare myself as fast as I could. In a blink of time, I was done, my hair well kemp, my uniform dress has a long line of the crease from ironing, and my black pair of shoes and white socks looked gorgeous, the same way my mother used to put in good comments whenever I appear smart from toe to head.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To reach my school, one has a choice over two directions, the main roads and a footpath road that passes through the bushes. The distances between the two roads have remarkable differences, the main road takes me an hour\uc0{\u8217}s walk while the bush road is a good shortcut of 30 minutes. The highway is a dusty road while the footpath is smart and the main road is unbearable in a scorch of heat while the other way averts heatwaves even during the summertime. To make my life easier by restoring more energy on that cold weather-friendly day, I took the short way to pass through the bush to the school. The thick bush is made up of tall gum trees. Their leaves were thickly interwoven during the rainy season but they go bare in summer as if they only live for a season and die again only to come back triumphant.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Just a distance deep in the forest which springs a few yards away from our home, I could feel goosebumps racing through my vein, my heart was beating faster, my legs were heavy to be lifted up and a pool of sweat run through my face and my back as if something was going to happen. Though I brushed this strange feeling aside comforting myself that all were okay, I know that none was okay. I used to walk this path longer than I can remember but in every morning like this, the birds chirped and the forest woke up with the community nearby. That day, everything was in silence, a full-blown graveside silence. No birds flattering, no wind and the bush has a different smell than the smell of the stale gum tree leaves that fill my nose till our school gate}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I slumped down the path minding my footsteps, my ears caught a deep crunch, there were some footsteps close to me. When I turned back I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see anything. I turned on the right and the left side but nothing was visible. I gazed in the direction ahead but my sight only see the trees roofing over my head. It continued happening until I felt as if I was about to be accosted like a criminal put in a trap and detective mission. I turned right sharply toward the high pitch sound and astonishingly, three guys surrounded me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The trio was in shabby clothes and they all smelled of strong alcohol. They may have been at the brewery while I was doing my assignment last night. There was one thing that we shared in common, all of us had just a nap before daybreak.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was so helpless I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what to do during that moment I wanted to scream but there was no one who was going to hear and the other guy covered my mouth immediately as if he was reading my mind. The guys started to give naught complements one said that I was still a slice of fresh meat and the other one said that it seems like she was still sealed if we taste her it will be like we eating with the king, the last guy said and what are we waiting for to feast on this meat that we are given a silver plate.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Upon hearing that I was shattered I thought that\uc0{\u8217}s how I was going to lose my virginity. I started to have a silent prayer so that God can help me from these guys. Without wasting time one of the guys started to tear my top and grabbed my breasts it was so painful,\uc0{\u160} that I started crying uncontrollably. The other one was busy trying to open my legs so that he can go down with me but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t give in easily I had to try and save myself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At last, I was tired and I was slowly losing hope and I started to open my legs freely since he also beats me up but luckily some man appeared from nowhere and I think he was sent by God. The man beat up the guys until they started bleeding and he carried me away and put me in his car. He took me to the clinic and I was checked from there he made sure that I was fine.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As time goes on he would come to my house to check on me and he would escort me to and from school. He would buy me gifts here and there not that I\uc0{\u8217}m complaining he was a nice man. I started to develop feeling for him since we usually used to spend time together i\uc0{\u160} got used to him but the worst path of it he was a married man, so I kept those feelings to myself.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Finally, the man asked me out at first I was afraid to say yes but deep inside I wanted to and it hurt me a lot. The man didn\uc0{\u8217}t give up he continued bothering me and I said why should we give it a try. Wow, he was a nice boyfriend whom I wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t trade for anything he was everything one would need in a boyfriend. Right now I am in a relationship with that man and he said that anytime soon he will come to our home to ask for my hand in marriage.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}