{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy19\hr16\min39\sec19}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy19\hr16\min39\sec19}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}MY DAD MY FIGHTER\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was 20\uc0{\u160} when I found the love of my life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My name is Jane. I was born in Malawi in lusenga village from the Ngoni tribe. I live with my two parents and three boy siblings, I was the only girl in my family and my dad\uc0{\u8217}s best friend. My Dad was my eyes wherever I went and whatever I did. He used to take me from school to home to everywhere.\uc0{\u160} When my 20th year birthday approached my Dad promised to allow me to have a walk around the shopping mall alone.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The following day my Dad said I should drive alone to school because I\uc0{\u8217}m already an adult. I was so happy and felt loved and trusted by my Dad. He told me since it\uc0{\u8217}s my first year at university I should start learning to be dependent..\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The same day in school there was a new comer boy at our school called Jackson. When it was lunch time I went in the cafeteria for my food and I met this cute boy called Jackson. My heart started beating in a fast speed. He stared at me and so I did for almost 20 seconds .}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He was so attractive and chubby. I felt deep in love with this guy and we both loved each other so very much.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jackson could not hesitate, he approached and said hi but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t respond and I was so nervous to say Hi back. I dropped my tea bottle and ran outside.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Classes finished and we were supposed to go back home. From where my car was packed I found Jackson standing there. He came closer to me and said my name is Jackson and I\uc0{\u8217}m 24 years old in 3rd year from the Sena tribe , I want you to be my girl. I went directly and hugged him tightly and kissed me on the forehead.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I arrived home happily and my Dad was waiting for him at the gate. He hugged but said girl you\uc0{\u8217}re so happy today. Did any boy drug you at school???}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I said dad NO! I\uc0{\u8217}m just normal. I\uc0{\u8217}m always happy when I see you.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Six at night, we gathered for a family dinner, but I was still smiling thinking about the hug and kiss from Jackson.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My Dad already knew the problem !!.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I hugged my and Mom for goodnight and went back to my room to sleep.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Before I closed my eyes my Dad come in my room and sat down.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dad : my little girl I knew you since day one you came to earth, you couldn\uc0{\u8217}t talk or even say Dad and here now you\uc0{\u8217}re 20 years old a grown up girl and anything can happen. Dad said\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jane : I asked him, Dad why are you speaking in parables?? You\uc0{\u8217}re confusing me ! I smiled again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dad : my girl, I am pretty sure someone asked you out and you love them that\uc0{\u8217}s why you\uc0{\u8217}re smiling. So talk to me my love.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jane : I am nervous Dad\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dad : talk to me, I am your best friend and I\uc0{\u8217}m all you need for help.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jane :\uc0{\u160} there\uc0{\u8217}s this kind called Jackson his 24 and in third year at our school and I love him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My Dad was so happy and but nervous. He told me to keep a secret from my Mom first and we\uc0{\u8217}d tell her after things are serious. I was so happy and slept peacefully. I felt like a huge weapon has been removed from my shoulders.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next day at school I told Jackson about it and he was so happy. In the evening we had our first date.y Dad new where I went but we lied to my mother that I have an evening class.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We had an amazing time that evening. Unfortunately, my mother\uc0{\u8217}s best friend saw me holding hands with Jackson and went to tell my mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}My mom overheard some rumors that me and Jackson are dating from her friend. Jackson told me that, we can\uc0{\u8217}t keep things secret from your mom she\uc0{\u8217}s supposed to know. It\uc0{\u8217}s so huge but it\uc0{\u8217}s better if we tell our parents not to bring problems at the end.I agreed to go and tell my parents about it all and Jackson too.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I got home, my Mom was so angry and mad and could not talk to anyone. After seeing me she shouted Jane come here!!!!!! Angry and loud!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was so afraid and shivering!!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mom : can you tell me where you\uc0{\u8217}re coming from and who is that stupid street boy you were holding hands street is who?!?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jane : I kneeled down and said mom ask Dad he knows everything about it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My father looked up from his newspaper, and gazed at me, I was\uc0{\u160} nervous to even say what I intended to say}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What is it, Jane?\uc0{\u8221} My dad asked}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My Jane , my little one is old now 20 years old and she\uc0{\u8217}s at university and she got a boyfriend called Jackson who\uc0{\u8217}s in third year and I think they make a good couple together. Please give this your little girl a first chance to explore the world of love. Saidy dad\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I Took a deep breath, I summoned all my courage. \uc0{\u8221}I knew my mom would make fire burn in the house just about Jackson.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My Mother\uc0{\u8217}s fingers twined anxiously. \uc0{\u8221}You know my feelings on this matter, Jane. Our traditions cannot be disregarded.\uc0{\u8221} Moreover, that so called boyfriend will give you a Heart break and just play with you and he\uc0{\u8217}ll go ahead dating other girls. Do you think he\uc0{\u8217}ll think about you after finishing his fourth year and go outside of your side???!\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My father stood up, eh eh eh so you mean I broke your heart when we were dating??? What if my daughter find someone who\uc0{\u8217}s like me his father??! That would be amazing of her, wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t be??!? I know Jackson is a Christian, he fears God and he seems to be a good guy to our daughter.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother confidently stood over my father, and do you think every young man will ever be like you? We only want what\uc0{\u8217}s best for you, Jane. We fear that this love may lead to unhappiness.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But it\uc0{\u8217}s Okay I\uc0{\u8217}m giving my daughter a first chance. Not because of Jackson but because of you and my daughter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Beside that, make sure my daughter comes home crying because of that stupid boyfriend you\uc0{\u8217}re mentioning now. my mother set down her eyes on me with a smile on her gentle face curious to hear what I would say\uc0{\u8221}Is something wrong, darling?\uc0{\u8221} Do you love Jackson?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}I pleaded, tears welling in my eyes, \uc0{\u8221}Jackson is different. He understands me like Dad\uc0{\u8221} Despite our background we can\uc0{\u8217}t be stopped from loving other people. I love him so much and he\uc0{\u8217}s a good guy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My heart soared with hope at her words, a smile lighting up my face. \uc0{\u8221}Thank you, Mother, Father. You won\uc0{\u8217}t be disappointed, I promise.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother and my Dad hugged me closely and wished me the best in this loving journey.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next morning, I was so happy to see Jackson and tell him everything, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t imagine I woke up at 4 am that day to start preparing for class.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Jane, you lucky fool!\uc0{\u8221} Jackson exclaimed, pulling me into a tight embrace. \uc0{\u8221}I can\uc0{\u8217}t believe they actually agreed!\uc0{\u8221} My mother and father agreed!\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I know, it\uc0{\u8217}s a miracle! But I guess our love was just too strong for them to deny.\uc0{\u8221} Jackson said}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He grinned, his eyes sparkling with joy. \uc0{\u8221}Well, now I can finally introduce you to my family. And trust me, I will be all your dad is to you!\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As we walked hand in hand towards our future,  Together, we continued being in love both of our families knew about it and we made it officially known.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Love is a good thing if you meet the right person, but always remember parents are a great blessing to a great beginning for young lovers. Always tell your parents about your relationships and they\uc0{\u8217}ll always support you through it drawbacks and everything.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}