{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy05\hr11\min17\sec59}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy05\hr11\min17\sec59}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have a brother who is supper crazy with what he does. He usually comes home around midnight and our parents do not like his behavior. Most of the times when he arrives home, he is really drunk. In our Chewa language, they call him \uc0{\u8220}chimbayambaya\uc0{\u8221} or \uc0{\u8220}chidakwa\uc0{\u8221}. These two local names are called the people who love alcohol more than anything else in this world. My brother now looks like he is a lover of beer and this is why my neighbors call him chimbayambaya.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What surprises me is that my brother always becomes top ten among the students who have passed in his class. He is always serious with school and this makes me wonder which kind of a person my brother is. When it comes to the way our parents take him, it is like they have accepted the reality that my brother is an alcoholic. What they always tell him is to focus on school and the rest will be provided by them. This makes me feel like they are spoiling him sometimes. I do not support the freedom that my parents give to my brother because one day, he might lose control and go off track.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The chidakwa kind of names that the people in the community call him makes me feel so bad. It is like he is dirtying the family\uc0{\u8217}s reputation and this affects me emotionally. Sometimes, my brother walks zigzag when coming home during the weekends. I remember the day I met him on the road, I almost passed him because of feeling ashamed of him. Due to the fact that blood is thicker than water, it was hard for me to just pass my brother without helping him out. This was a very tough decision for me but I had no choice but to support my blood.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I do not hate alcohol but I hate how alcohol try to control my young brother. I wish that he can at least reduce it because I am afraid to lose him. The fact that he comes home late makes me to worry about him so much. Not everyone in the community is our friend and some people who might be our haters can do bad things to him on his way home. When I talk to him, he does not listen to me. He thinks that I don\uc0{\u8217}t love him for telling him to reduce his alcohol consumption.}}\par
\sect
}