{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy09\hr15\min05\sec46}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy09\hr15\min05\sec46}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You do not belong here and you must go back to Zimbabwe\uc0{\u8221}, a faceless ghost Twitter account yells at my twitter post.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am a very active Twitter-writer in South Africa, a country where anti-African immigrant hate is high and causing deportations, deadly attacks sometimes and hashtags of #OperationDudula which simply means all Black African immigrants must be pressurized to depart South Africa.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As a writer on Twitter, I am a target of men and women who have adopted this ridiculous but dangerous stance on immigration and to them it is no longer a case of whether one is in South Africa legally or otherwise. A political distraction that is altogether divisive and mainly driven by online trolls who hide behind social media accounts and targeted at Zimbabwean foreign nationals like me in South Africa has been unleashed on all social media platforms and has gathered tens of thousands of fanatic trolls. Like vultures gathering on a dead body, my online articles trying to push back against this hateful narrative earn me unwarranted social media disdain andunprintable attacks from local anti-immigrants\uc0{\u8217} formations.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On Twitter I\uc0{\u8217}m called all sorts of names \uc0{\u8220}leech\uc0{\u8221}, \uc0{\u8220}foreigner,\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}invader\uc0{\u8221} or \uc0{\u8220}illegal immigrant.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have made it an immovable principle that I do not write what these trolls want me to write. Like Steve Biko , a well renowned black South African anti-apartheid activist who was murdered by colonialists in 70s, I will and have been writing what I want. My experience as a foreign writer in a South African society, that is increasingly becoming hell to black African immigrants, is that of having to, and on a daily basis, respond to groups of individuals whose presence on social media, be it on Twitter or Facebook, is to make sure that a foreign national like me, feels that he or she is no longer wanted in South Africa. The South African media space has become a theater of vitriolic commentary and slander that is targeted at scapegoating foreign nationals for whatever the state has failed to deliver to its local population.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With relentless and prolific vigor, I am forced to confront deliberate misinformation and disinformation through writing. As the South African economy fails to create jobs for the generality of citizens, with the official figures of the expanded definition of unemployment hovering around the 45 percent mark, immigrants are blamed for stealing jobs from local South Africans and each crime that is happening has to be blamed on an African immigrant. In the eyes of this group of hateful \uc0{\u8220}patriots\uc0{\u8221}, immigration has been reduced to an act of criminalityand a criminal is whoever is foreign and black in South Africa. My journey and experience as a foreign writer in an exclusionary South Africa that makes Black African foreign nationals to feel unwanted and unwelcome, is that of having to deal with this unfortunate Twitter vitriol head-on.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To hate groups on South Africa\uc0{\u8217}s Twitter, my message is clear: I, a foreigner, I write what I want.}}\par
\sect
}