{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy11\hr13\min54\sec08}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy11\hr13\min54\sec08}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As a young girl who grew up in Malawi, I always dreamt of relocating to Canada. This idea came into me because of my best friend called Linda who lives in Ottawa. Most of the time when we have a video call, she shows me the building and the beauty of Canada which is something that inspire me and makes me to dream of going there. All the time, I would ask myself how I will reach there since it is not easy according to how my friend would tell me. Despite learning that it was difficult, I did not give up on my wish.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A time came when I almost went to Canada. My friend, Linda connected me to a guy called Patrick who went to Canada and he was a Malawian. This guy wanted a girl to marry and when Linda showed him my photos on Facebook, he liked me. The guy approached me in my inbox and told me that he liked me and wanted to make me a wife. Deep down, I wanted to say right away that I accepted since he would be like a bridge for me to go there but I had to hold myself to avoid showing my intentions.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After several conversations with Patrick, I started to develop feelings for him. His stories about Canada became more vivid. It showed me a picture of a place filled with opportunities and new beginnings. He was not just a ticket to a new country but he was becoming someone I cared about. However, I still had doubts and worries. What if things don\uc0{\u8217}t work out as I am hoping? That was the question inside me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite my uncertainties, I found myself saying yes to Patrick\uc0{\u8217}s proposal. The idea of starting a life in Canada, bridging the gap between my dreams and reality, became irresistible. It was a leap of faith, trusting both Patrick and my own determination. Saying yes meant boarding on a journey filled with unknowns, but the prospect of fulfilling a long-term dream overshadowed any fear that I had inside me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Patrick decided to come here in Malawi to see me. That time, I was studying my bachelors degree at Blantyre International University. When he arrived, I had to lie to the principal of the school that I was sick and I need to get treatment at home. I was granted the permission and went to stay with my boyfriend at a hotel for two weeks. We lived there like husband and wife. Everything that married couples do, we did them. He promised to comeback to marry me and he will then start the process of me finding him in Canada.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When he went back, we spent a month talking nonstop on the phone. Suddenly after a month, I observed quietness between us. When I sent a message, he could reply after two days. I started to become so suspicious. Anyways, he was far from me and there was no other way to find him except the phone. I tried to talk to my friend, Linda and she told me that they stay thousands of miles ways from each other. As of now, he stopped talking to me. I am very confused and don\uc0{\u8217}t know what to do now. He was the only hope for me. Though I thought I wanted to use him, I feel like he has used me to enjoy himself in a hotel for two weeks and dumped me.}}\par
\sect
}