{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy05\hr12\min24\sec39}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy05\hr12\min24\sec39}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Daniel and Daisy were a married couple who had happily stayed for five years without having a child, they loved each other so much and were content. In the sixth year, they decided they wanted to have a child. A few months later, Daisy became pregnant and Daniel was the happiest man alive. He spread the good news of him becoming the newest father in town to all his friends and family. He took very good care of his wife, satisfied all her pregnancy cravings and hand in hand took Daisy for her antenatal visits in the best hospital in the town. Everyone admired the love and bond between Daniel and his wife.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nine months went by so fast, Daisy went into labor and was rushed to the hospital, a few hours later they received their bundle of joy a bouncing baby girl and they named her Daniela. When they were discharged from the hospital, friends and family visited them to congratulate them apond becoming parents and the responsibilities attached to it. Their baby grew up very healthy until five months when Daisy discovered the baby\uc0{\u8217}s eyes had turned yellow, she rushed the baby to the hospital. After medical examinations and check up the doctor discovered that the child had sickle cell. Daisy couldn\uc0{\u8217}t hold back her tears but cry for the pain she felt her daughter would go through. The doctor was kind enough to encourage her and give her a few tips on how to care for the baby and the medicines to be taken. Later that evening, Daniel came back from work and got Daisy sobbing}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Daniel; Darling, why do you look so sad?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Diasy; I don\uc0{\u8217}t even know how to explain this to you, Daniela felt sick and I took her to the hospital, the doctor found out she has sickle cell.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Daniel; You must be kidding me, this is not possible}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Daisy; This is the medical report}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Daniel; Whaaaat ??? how can my baby girl become a Sickler when we don\uc0{\u8217}t even have it in our family}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Daisy crying\uc0{\u8230}. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how to happened she was healthy}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Daniel starts accusing his wife that she is responsible for the child\uc0{\u8217}s health condition, his family lineage has never had anyone with sickle cell before unless he is not the biological father of Daniela. In his anger, he started beating his wife saying she cheated on him and gave birth to a useless child, telling her she won\uc0{\u8217}t escape from his wrath. Luckily for Daisy, he received a call and he went out to receive the call, Daisy was able to run away from the house with her baby to her parents\uc0{\u8217} house. When Daniel came back, he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t find her and the baby, he kept throwing insults shouting to the neighbors in the local language \uc0{\u8216}Lutua oneno dako ma akelo gang na ni Malaya ma kony nye peko\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Later that evening he decided to go and drink with his friend Emmanuel. He told him what had happened to him and his family. Emmanuel supported him saying his wife was a terrible wife she must have cheated on him. Daniel was convinced he did right by beating his wife as she deserved and he promised not to go and look for her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Days later, Daniel\uc0{\u8217}s father visited him and realized Daisy and the baby were nowhere to be seen, he asked his son}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Father; Where is Daisy and Daniela?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Daniel; I don\uc0{\u8217}t know and I don\uc0{\u8217}t care}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Father; Why would you say such since when are you this irresponsible son}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Daniel; Father, can you believe Daisy cheated on me and gave birth to a child who is a Sickler I can\uc0{\u8217}t tolerate such a woman in my life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Father; Son, we have had a lineage of Sicklers in our family for a while, my first daughter passed on with sickle cell before you were born, you are also a carrier.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Daniel; Father, why didn\uc0{\u8217}t you tell me this before, I accused my wife for my child\uc0{\u8217}s condition.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Father; You lived a normal life. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t see the need to tell you because it didn\uc0{\u8217}t affect you besides son you should have trusted your wife.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Daniel; Father how could you do this to me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Father; you need to go and apologize to your wife and get your family together.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Daniel spends the whole night thinking about what he had done to his wife and decides he needs to get his wife and baby back home, he pleads to his father to go with him to his in-law\uc0{\u8217}s home to get his family and his father accepted, the next day, they set off to Daisy\uc0{\u8217}s parents\uc0{\u8217} home which was quite a distance from where Daniel stays. On their arrival they were welcomed by Daisy\uc0{\u8217}s mother, Daniel\uc0{\u8217}s father immediately apologized for his son\uc0{\u8217}s behavior and pleaded with Daisy to forgive him. Daniel knelt down and asked Daisy to forgive him saying he acted out of anger; he told Daisy how much he loved her and wanted to spend the rest of his life with her. Daisy remembered the vows he made to her husband and she wanted Daniela to grow up with her father, she decided to forgive him and move back home. They went for checkup and the doctor found out Daisy was a carrier too, there is 50% chance of giving birth to a child who is a carrier and 25% chance of giving to a normal child. Daniel and Daisy decided they won\uc0{\u8217}t have any more kids and just dedicate themselves to taking care of Daniela. They started doing sickle cell awareness in the community.}}\par
\sect
}