{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo12\dy12\hr14\min40\sec44}{\revtim \yr2022\mo12\dy12\hr14\min40\sec44}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar \qc{{\cf0\f0 My first Kiss}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a cold afternoon in December, twelve years ago. As the football match between our school and a nearby secondary school was about to start, the cloudy skies threatened to keep the promise of creation any minute. I smelt the moisture of the soil and I thought it will be a bad game because part of the playing ground hard a bare land without grass. But it never rained, and the game was so nice that our school won the game with 3 goals to nil. It was fun as I watched the game with my first boyfriend an experience that I will never forget.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As a young girl with my first love, I had the expectations that my peers shared with me about many stories when one is in a relationship. My fellow teens told me that the boyfriend-girlfriend relationship is okay and fun. On the other hand, my dad was very tough about relationships. Most of the time, he was telling me that if I got involved in this kind of relationship and got pregnant, he would whip me badly. This is because of our neighbor Mr. Phiri, who had a very beautiful and intelligent daughter by the name Linda, who is now late because she aborted and the abortion led to her death. What happened was that Linda started having sex with boys while she was in sixth grade. The parents were not aware of what their daughter was doing. She reached grade 8, and after writing grade 8 exams, she got selected for a boarding secondary school. At the same time, she found out that she was pregnant. Instead of disclosing this issue to her parents, she agreed with her boyfriend to abort the pregnancy. Instead of going to the hospital for a safe abortion, she used herbs from a witch doctor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a fateful day on Friday when Linda was preparing to go to a boarding secondary school. Before 3 days of going to school, Linda decided to abort the pregnancy. It was in the afternoon when, secretly, she visited the witch doctor with her boyfriend. The witch doctor gave her medicines to drink when she reaches home. After she drank the medicine, she started bleeding as if she were giving birth, and she screamed a lot because she was experiencing stomach pains. By that time, her mother was attending a church service at a nearby church, about half a kilometer away. Neighbors, including my mom and dad, were at home. They heard the screaming, and they both rushed to the scene to rescue the girl. By that time, she was 13 years old. My parents and other people rushed her to the nearest hospital, where she was pronounced dead upon arrival. After diagnosing the dead body, they discovered that she had an unsafe abortion and had drunk the poison that caused damage to many parts of the stomach in her body and caused her death as she lost a lot of blood. It was a sad day for every person in our village because people never thought that this would happen in their village.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since that day, my father become very strict. He wanted to see me around home to avoid having the same experience that happened with Linda. Every parent felt bad because Linda was a nice girl with brains who had always passed position 1 since starting primary school and maintained this position up to grade 8, and she was selected to a very nice government school. But alas! This happened, and everyone was shocked by her death. And also, her mother, upon hearing the bad news, collapsed, but after some minutes, she woke up but in a disguised manner because she never thought of this happening to her daughter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As a young girl, I lived fearful of the boy-girl relationship because I never wanted to experience it myself. When a boy proposed to me, I used to respond negative things in order to let him down. After 3 years, my dad got sick, and he passed away after a few months. I was also accepted into a boarding secondary school, where there was this boy named Limbani from another secondary school who tried very hard to propose to me. Limbani never stepped up until I agreed to be in a relationship with him. I told him many rules, including not having sex with him. I told him what my dad told me and that he was a tough person. \uc0{\u160}I told Limbani, \uc0{\u8220}If my mother finds out about my relationship with you, Limbani, she will beat me.\uc0{\u8221} Limbani agreed, but there were times when he wished to do the sexual activity with me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Limbani used to visit me at school during the weekend, and I enjoyed it. He could come and greet me; we used to talk a lot because he liked to joke with me, and I liked him because we were always laughing. I used to refuse when he wanted us to be in a hidden place because I knew that this could contribute to intimacy in our relationship. Many days and months passed, and one day after the football game that happened at our school premises, Limbani came to watch the game as well. We cheered for our team together. After the game, he told me to escort him. I escorted him, and we reached a place where we were alone. He grabbed me and touched me softly. He started kissing me. Because this was my first experience, my entire body was shocked. He wanted to go further, but I refused. I remember this day to this day because what my friends told me was true. After this experience, I also shared it with my friends. They mocked me because I was only 19 years old at the time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I also remembered what my dad told me about being engaged in a relationship while a girl is still young because a girl cannot come up with good decisions that can assist in managing one\uc0{\u8217}s sexual desires. I completed my studies without problems, but the experience of my first kiss is something I will never forget.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}