{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy13\hr08\min31\sec13}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy13\hr08\min31\sec13}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I had the idea of getting my first car at the age of twenty-one, it was a really exciting time in my life. When I was younger, I dreamed of having a car of my own. Since having my own automobile was a goal of mine, I used to play with car toys a lot. When my mother and I would go to the store, I can still remember how upset I would become if she didn\uc0{\u8217}t buy me at least one vehicle toy. As soon as my mother could afford the toy car I desired, there was peace at home. My mother once encouraged me to grow up quickly so that I could afford to buy a real car after becoming enraged at me for my dependence on toy cars. This stuck in my thoughts; therefore, I made the decision to put in a lot of effort in order to one day buy a genuine car.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Around February of last year, I made the decision to pursue my goal. I used to be closer to my supervisor where I worked. Fortunately, I learned during our routine conversation around launch time that he sells used automobiles as a side business. Since I trusted him, this made my life easy. I told him what I wanted without any hesitation. I informed him that I wanted to buy a compact car. He decided to assist me because he was enthusiastic about it. I informed my supervisor that the money was prepared after a week. Since I was staying outside the city and he was in Lilongwe, the capital, he gave me the direction to his home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I took a friend who was also a driver when I left work at around 4 o\uc0{\u8217}clock, and we went right to my boss\uc0{\u8217}s house. When we arrived at his location, he showed me every automobile he had in his compound, and I got to pick one. This is a day I\uc0{\u8217}ll never forget because it was the realization of a dream I had been having for a very long time. My friend checked it out and gave me the reassurance that it was in fine shape. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t waste any time and immediately gave my boss the money he needed for the car. We signed a document stating that I had purchased the vehicle, with my friend who I went with as my witness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The car\uc0{\u8217}s transmission started to malfunction after one day. This was the worst day of my life, and it taught me never to trust anyone who sells used cars. I might ponder how my supervisor might order me to purchase a problematic vehicle. My thoughts froze up and I ran out of ideas. After a few hours, I called my friend with whom I had gone that day to buy my car. I recounted the situation to him, and he came to the conclusion that my boss was aware of it and was worried that if I found out, I would be unable to buy the automobile. I explained to my friend that while returning the car was a wonderful idea, I could not sleep with one that has problems.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Around 6 o\uc0{\u8217}clock in the evening, I arrived in the capital city and saw my employer in the living room of his home. I informed him of the situation and asked for a refund because his automobile was having problems. My supervisor began claiming that the automobile was in good shape when I took it and that he could not give me my money back. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t say much, but I did let him know that the judge in court would decide whether or not to return my money to me because I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t used the automobile for a full day. He informed me that the court should not be a choice and that he would restore my money, but that I should allow him some time because he had already used it. I chose to accede to his request because I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to argue with him too much. I headed back home after handing the car\uc0{\u8217}s blue book back. My supervisor gave me my money back two weeks later than the one week he had promised, so I decided not to buy a used vehicle again and to instead increase my savings so that I could buy a brand-new automobile.}}\par
\sect
}