{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy25\hr08\min01\sec46}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy25\hr08\min01\sec46}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 MY FIRST LOVE.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In 2007, in Lubumbashi town, Katanga/DR Congo. My name is Perfect Kapend, and I am abeliever. In the year 2007, I was one of the active youth in my Church and we used to be on thecommittee of the youth department, working on different projects like youth and studies, singlemother and business, youth and Bible.There came a time when I was supposed to watch over the youth as David Ilingio went to Lusakato continue with his studies while he was the leader of the youth department in our Church CPNmeans Christ for every nation. Before David left us he told me to be in charge of leading theyouth. I accepted it and led, and I took his place and continued the work. I started building aclose relationship with everyone to make them feel free and safe because we were supposed towork hard to insert new programs and activities like Dancing competitions, Basketball, picknick, and reading Bible competitions.It was during that period I saw Nunu, she was a newcomer in our Church. I have a good memoryof that day when I saw her for the first time; it was after a s\uc0{\u233}ance of youth discussion and I wasin front of all the youth and giving them some pieces of advice, and direction on what we weresupposed to do for the next meeting. All of them were seated on the chairs, we had a shortprayer then after I told all of them to leave and go back home. So, while they were standing upand walking I observed one of them, Nunu, automatically I felt like they removed the scales frommy eyes and I said to myself; how come I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see this beautiful girl all of this time? Whatattracted me first was his mini scat exposing her beautiful legs, I could see the way she waswalking like a top female model, and I could discover her body size and the color of his skin likea chocolate ice screen, since that day she has captured my heart.So, one day after Sunday service, I saw her talking with her friends, in my heart I said this is agood occasion to meet this young lady. Then I said; ok, let us try. I went to where she was withhis friends, and I said: Hi, my dear, she stopped talking to them and said to me; Hi, Papy. What}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 is your name? I replied. Nunu is my name, she said. Automatically the rest of our talking flowedas we knew each other a long time ago.After some days I showed her how much I love her and she considered my flam. But that doesn\uc0{\u8217}tmean things were easy for me, because during that time people around started to discourage herlike that man is not good for you, you still young and you couldn\uc0{\u8217}t be in love with him becauseyou guys don\uc0{\u8217}t have the same age. Nunu and I have a three-year age difference and above all thatpeople could say about me, Nunu and me we continue seeing each other.One day my daddy told me: \uc0{\u8220}Love is when bad influence from others can\uc0{\u8217}t make you surrender\uc0{\u8221}This is what makes me stronger to continue in my journey of love with Nunu. Nunu has told hergrand-sister about me as Nunu had lost her mum seven years ago, and her grand-sister Eva shethe one who living with her. So, one day I received a call from her grand-sister asking me aboutmy relationship with her young sister and if it was serious or not. Then I told; her yes, I wasserious with her and ready to marry her.In our culture as an African/Congolese to marry someone you should give a dowry, then she toldhim in addition, to prepare myself for the dowry and quote the amount that I was supposed togive, which was around 2500 $. I said yes, but at that time I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know where I could find thatamount of money!I went to my pastor Joshua Kadima and talked with him about my relationship with Nunu and Ishowed him how I was facing some financial difficulties, and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t be able to marry her in ashort period. The first advice he gave him was to go and talk with her grand-sister, to officializeour relationship and become fianc\uc0{\u233}. The thing that I did with Eva the grand-sister of Nunu andshe accepted my proposition as I told her that; I want officially to be the fianc\uc0{\u233} of your sisterNunu because I love her and I want to be with her as my fianc\uc0{\u233}. She told me that I see thatyou\uc0{\u8217}re serious with my young sister and I agreed with you, also my dore it opened for you. I saidto Eva; thank you. I went back to give the good news to my pastor and when I met him and toldhim what happened he congratulated me, and I was very happy to be a fianc\uc0{\u233} of Nunu.In my nature, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t drink, smock, and don\uc0{\u8217}t have a habit of going out during night time like inthe night club or other nocturne events, except Church activities or family parties.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Some months after things changed, Nunu\uc0{\u8217}s sister called me to went his home place and when Iwent there, she asked me to give her more gifts and money, she added and said that; this was theonly way for her to defend me in front of the whole family. I replied and said to her; I\uc0{\u8217}m sorry, Ican\uc0{\u8217}t do that. She said; why? I replied and said; I don\uc0{\u8217}t have money to spend on gifts just to buyyour trust and confidence.Why do I react like this? at first because if I could try to do this automatically our relationshipcould depend on her. Secondly, my financial situation couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help me to do that. Thirdly, I haveother priorities like how I can give the amount they demand for the dowry, and how could I buildmy own small business. I told my fianc\uc0{\u233} about all of this and she said; Perfect, let us fight for ourlove. I trusted her and we moved forward.After one year, Nunu\uc0{\u8217}s family started neglecting me, I remember most of the time when therewas a family party and I went there; nobody wanted to talk with me, and usually, I was myself ifmy fianc\uc0{\u233} was busy with other stuff like cooking, or serving other guests, or talking with hisfamily\uc0{\u8217}s members.The became a time when my senior pastor Joshua started supporting me financially, then one daymy fianc\uc0{\u233} wanted to go to a restaurant and I took her there and we ate together, after that, I gaveher 50$ and brought her back home, but after one day my friend Deborah told me that he saw myfianc\uc0{\u233} in the nightclub with two guys. I was shocked, and I didn\uc0{\u8217}t believe that! When I asked her,she denied it, then I also decided to forget about it, after some weeks another friend told me howhe saw her with a certain guy called Kalonji in the nightclub, and when I heard that; I didn\uc0{\u8217}tbelieve like my fianc\uc0{\u233} can do that.In my habit most of the time I used to stay at home apart from participating in Church activities,and if my fianc\uc0{\u233} wanted me to accompany her to the restaurant or some other places, I went withher, but in my absence, she was doing other things that could never of know, luckily some friendsused to go in the nightclub, restaurants, attraction places most of their time, they were met herwith another guy, but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know about it. I remember that my fianc\uc0{\u233} had a friend Mika andthis girl and I were close, Mika knew everything but she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t tell me even once.One day after Sunday service, I went to see my fianc\uc0{\u233} at Eva\uc0{\u8217}s home, we met there, and while wewere talking and discussing how people saw her everywhere, I told her and says: Nunu in the}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 previous weeks they saw you with Kalonji most of the time, what are you doing with that guy.She started denied again, a few minutes after my fianc\uc0{\u233} and I; saw a car parked in front of us,when I took a look in the car, I saw the guy, it was Kalonji.The guy was calling my girl, and saying: eh! Nunu, let go. We are late. My fianc\uc0{\u233} looked at meand became speechless. I told her and said: Now what?She replied and said: you know that you don\uc0{\u8217}t have money, and my family told me to look forsomeone who can marry me now. She added and said, Eva knew everything.I was angry and I told her: don\uc0{\u8217}t move, stay here with me. She refused and I should go. Then Isaid: no! She replied and said: now I\uc0{\u8217}m leaving you, and she left me. I tried to call her with aloud voice; Nunu! Nunu! But shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t listen to me.This happened before his home place on the street, and people were watching us! I was ashamedand I left with sorrow. I found myself in those kinds of situations several times, I remember that Ieven prayed for her to love only me but nothing changed. As loved her with all my heart, Icontinued to see her and advise her, but her sister Eva never helped me. Even when I told herwhat was going on between her sister and me. I say this because I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see any goodinfluence on her from Eva in my favor! Things were getting worse and worse.I started suffering from my stomach with gastric as I was thinking a lot about her. So, one dayaround the evening we were staying with my Pastor Joshua, who came home to visit me as I wassuffering and weak. We were sitting in the sitting room and talking about my weaknesses, then Idecided in my heart to break up with Nunu, my fianc\uc0{\u233}, the same day I told my pastor and said:dear pastor Joshua, he said yes, I replied, and says: I break up with Nunu my fianc\uc0{\u233}. He told me:Perfect, my friend, this is the right decision I was waiting for you to make. Just be courageousand God will help you.I lost my first love of life, but I was free from being a slave of love.}}\par
\sect
}