{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr12\min10\sec20}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr12\min10\sec20}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I lost my father when I was eight years old and this is where my eyes opened. My father was not educated but he was a successful farmer in my village. My mother too did not have a chance to further with her studies because she got married to my father at a young age. She got married when she was 17 years old. She was still in high school during the time she got married to my father. Regardless of this, my father new how to search for money and feed his family. I can say that he was a responsible father.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The time I lost my father, everything that he built started collapsing. The business he had started falling down and I blame him for not engaging my mother into the business. My mother was like a house wife. The only bigger job she did was to give birth to me and my two brothers. She had no idea what she would do to continue the legacy that my father left. We became poor and left the house that we were living in and went back to the village. As a young girl, this was a really big burden to take since my dreams started getting in a shadow.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I thank Murissa for being into my life. She is a friend that I met in high school but she kept being the friend that I can go too when I am in need. It was on a Friday when I reached to an extent of not having some body lotion to apply on my body. I called her to just have a chat as a friend since I really wanted someone to talk to and she was my only person in my mind. I thank her for being the person I will never forget in my life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I told her that I am broke and I have no lotion. I was surprised that she told me that she knew about what I was passing through and she wanted to pay transport for me so that I could go to see her. I never hesitated because I went to her place the next day after talking on the call. When I arrived at her place, she welcomed me with a good meal. She then told me that I should move and stay with her so that she can find me a job. I was very excited to hear this. She escorted me to my mother\uc0{\u8217}s place to ask for permission and my mother accepted me to leave. She found me a job at Kulima Gold where I work as a secretary. This act was a life changing to me and I will never forget what my friend did to save me from poverty after a devastating incident of loosing my father and everything that he owned.}}\par
\sect
}