{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy24\hr09\min22\sec08}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy24\hr09\min22\sec08}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am that person who does not like it when someone disappoints me. This is because I also do not like it when I disappoint people who believe in me. In the year of 2012, I was in a serious relationship with my girlfriend, Suzi. She was a caring and loving girl to me and that is why I loved her so much. During our relationship, we were making sure that no one gets sad. I can say that I was in the best relationship. My girlfriend was the true definition of a good relation of all time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Things turned upside down the time I decided to chase my dream. I remember the evening that things started not to be the same when I told my girlfriend that I want to go to school to finish high school. Her reaction was not good since she told me that things would never be the same if I leave for school. As a teenager, I had no choice but to follow what my parents told me. Apart from listening to my parents, I also wanted to finish high school so that I can proceed to the university level.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I told my girlfriend that my love for her will still be the same even if we will not be seeing each other the way it was. My girlfriend tried to tell me to stay and go to a community day school where I could be going home after school but I thought the best idea was to go to a boarding school. My girlfriend Suzi accepted me to go to school but deep down, I knew that she was not happy with the decision. This was a very tough decision that I made since my heart would tell me to reconsider my decision.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I came back from school, I felt like the world was collapsing after hearing the bad news that my girlfriend got engaged to another man. The time I reached home, the first person I wanted to see was Suzi, the woman that I loved. My elder brother welcomed me with sad news but I could not believe it until I hear it from my girlfriend. Since we started dating, I never went to her home because I did not know where I got the confidence of going straight to her place without fearing her parents.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I reached there, I saw my girlfriend sitting in the living room with another man and when I looked at her fingers, she had a ring of engagement. I did not hesitate but I cried like a baby and went straight back home without saying anything. After one week, I was shocked that they had a wedding with her new boyfriend. I almost got crazy but I thank God that I managed to endure the pain and focus on my future since I was betrayed by a girl that I loved so much with my whole heart.}}\par
\sect
}