{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy27\hr20\min32\sec00}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy27\hr20\min32\sec00}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In an extended family comprising of my dad, my mother, my paternal grandparents, my uncle and his wife, my two cousin sisters and my beloved sister lived in a big beautiful mansion in one of the city of Uganda. My family was really wealthy and my mum and her siblings were always fighting to be the heir of all that wealth. There was literally no peace in that house, everyone was always in a fight with each other including me and my siblings. I was always at the club to shake off my family problems. There was always this one lady at the club who couldn\uc0{\u8217}t take her eyes off. She seemed much older than me though so elegant, beautiful and classic.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One Saturday as usual I was at the bar when she approached me. She introduced herself as Olivia.I think she had all the information about my family even the delicates ones because she was talking as though she\uc0{\u8217}s known me forever. She even knew how I was not given any respect at home and taken as a useless person. After thirty minutes of having a conversation with her, she proposed a deal to me about me and her getting married. She assured me that I would get the respect I deserved. And most importantly that I would acquire her wealth after one year of our marriage. She went ahead to convince me that I would have anything I wanted including cars. She sure did know my weaknesses. Not to show her that I was so desperate, I asked her to give me some days to think about it. She told me that I go ahead and think about it though I shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t take so long. In my heart I knew that this was a great opportunity to prove to my family that I could actually be somebody. As she was leaving, I run after her and told her I accepted the deal. The wedding was in two days time and I didn\uc0{\u8217}t tell any of my family members about it because I knew they wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t support me to marry a much older person than me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two days later, we had our simple court wedding, we signed a few papers and went home to celebrate our wedding together. Before the wedding, Olivia had assured me that we both would see whoever we wanted, like sort of an open relationship. But just three days had passed by when I got home late from the bar where I usually go, and Olivia was so mad. I was so shocked by her behaviours. Without saying a word, I just grabbed my phone and went to the next bedroom.\uc0{\u160}}{\cf0\f0\i What have I gotten myself into, it\uc0{\u8217}s just been three days of our marriage and hell has already begun in this house. Will I really be able to tolerate all this for a year, oh no, am doomed now. Anyway let me wait and see how it goes.\uc0{\u160}}{\cf0\f0 I thought to myself}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}