{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo09\dy06\hr21\min52\sec14}{\revtim \yr2022\mo09\dy06\hr21\min52\sec14}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 I was born in South sudan\uc0{\u160} on 20th August 2002, in a family of eight members. My country is a beautiful place but the wicked people never gave us a chance to grew up there .The break out of\uc0{\u160} wars disaplaced us\uc0{\u160} until I became a refugee in kakuma Refugees Camp in Kenya.\uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160}And today I can say that Kenya is my happy place because I have actually learnt a lot from it and I have achieved some of my dreams like pursuing my education. Perhaps\uc0{\u160} it is a peaceful place whereby my\uc0{\u160} mind comes to relaxations\uc0{\u160} which I never gets from my country. Talking of Kenya,\uc0{\u160} Kenya is a country in the East Country with Coastline on the Indian\uc0{\u160} ocean . According to the research,\uc0{\u160} it encompasses savannah, lakelands ,dramatic Great Rift Valley and mountains Highlands.\uc0{\u160} It is also a home of wildlife like lions , elephants and Rhinos.\uc0{\u160} From Nairobi,\uc0{\u160} which is the capital,\uc0{\u160} safaris visit the masaai Mara Reserve\uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160}known for its annual wildebeest migrations and Amboseli National Park\uc0{\u160} , offering views of Tanzania \uc0{\u8217}s 5895m Mt. Kilimanjaro. Kenya is indeed my happy place and I will forever be grateful to itThanksNyachut Nek\uc0{\u160}}\par
\sect
}