{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy17\hr11\min48\sec35}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy17\hr11\min48\sec35}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We were a perfect family, my step mother,my step sister and my father. I am the first born and my mother passed away in a car accident when I was still very young so my dad had to get remarried in order to get a mother to take care of me. My young sister I grew up loving each other so deeply, I protected her from those students at school who would bully her, she adored me so much and would listen to me,she trusted me so much and would tell me everything that went on in her life. She would tell me how her day went at school, who she admired and the number of friends she had at school too. I loved and adored her her too. I was like a second mother to her, she believed I could sort out every problems in her life. I can\uc0{\u8217}t say that about our mother though for she didn\uc0{\u8217}t like me that much but yeah everything was okay for she for once never mistreated me. My dad adored us all.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As time went on, I fell in love with with one of the richest men in the country called James. He was married before but his wife had died in some robbery in a mall. I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t told much details about his wife\uc0{\u8217}s death though and I really didn\uc0{\u8217}t care too. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t wait to be his wife. Without hesitation, our wedding was arranged for he was in love with me too. The wedding was spectacular and was all over the news. I could say it was a grand wedding just as I had dreamt of as a child. My husband\uc0{\u8217}s family loved me so much and both our family got along so well. James had a younger brother called Braxton. My young sister and Braxton got along so well, well, one could say they liked each other so much.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One morning, we got a phone call from some unknown number claiming that James\uc0{\u8217} ex wife Letasi was alive and that she didn\uc0{\u8217}t die during the robbery. Everything became so complicated. She returned to the house as James first wife. Little did we know that she had come back for revenge and wanted to take all the wealth of the family and destroy the family\uc0{\u8217}s peace. Her first move was framing me in order to destroy my imagine infront of the family members. She knew that no one would doubt her if she told the family that I want to kill her since she\uc0{\u8217}s the first wife. She made it look like I was jealous of her and wanted to get rid of her for me to be be James first wife. She came and told me her plans of destroying the family so as to provoke me. I went to the family and told them everything. Everyone doubted me for she denied everything infront of everyone. She looked so innocent so no one believed me. I was looked at as the bad one. I knew I had to play her games in order to expose her infront of everyone. Few hours after the drama had taken place, she came to my room bragging how she will destroy the family without them knowing it, little did she know that I was recording everything she was saying on my phone. After she had left and I had got her confession, I went out to the family members and played the recording, she was shocked how I exposed her so fast for she under estimated my capabilities. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t expect me to be that smart. She was ranged with furry for I had spoilt her plans. The next day she dropped her second plan, she had studied the family so well so she knew exactly where to attack. Braxton being the most loved in the family was kidnapped by her. She called James that if he wanted his brother alive must go alone without anyone to Christ church where they would get remarried and have everything transferred to her name. Since James loved his brother so much he rushed to the church. I had to come up with a plan to rescue both my husband and her brother for I knew how much my sister loved Braxton and wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t be able to stay without him if anything were to happen to him. Before leaving the house to go rescue them, I knelt down and prayed. When I got up I knew exactly what to do. I knew that my husband would have wanted me to save his brother first. I had little time to save the two brothers brothers. Before leaving my young sister made me promise to bring the love of her life back safe and sound. I promised her that I would bring him back and also bring James back. I took my car and drove as fast as I could. I found two path, one was where I could find Braxton and the second one where I could find James. I took the first path to find Braxton first. I\uc0{\u160} found when Letasi had built up a fresh wall on Braxton and left no breathing space. Braxton was running out of breathe. He would have died if I had taken alittle more time to get there. Immediately I broke down the walls as fast as I could and helped him out. I had little time left to save James too so Braxton himself told me to rush to go save his brother. He assured me that he\uc0{\u8217}s fine and that he would reach home safely. I rushed out to the second path to go save James. I called the police on my way there. I was right on time to stop the wedding from taking place. As soon as I arrived the police came through too, they arrested letasi and her men too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We got home and Braxton wasn\uc0{\u8217}t there and yet he should have been home long ago. Little did we know that Letasi had made her plan B. She had sent another group of her men to capture Braxton and put him back to the built wall with no breathing space so that he could die. She wanted it to look like I didn\uc0{\u8217}t save my brother in law so that she could create a rift between me and my sister. She wanted her to think that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t try to save the love of her life and her plan worked. By the time we got there Braxton was already dead and my sister blamed me for not trying to save him as per \uc0{\u8217}S plan.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As time went by, little did I Know that my sister had so much hatred for me. She wanted to separate me and my husband so she compelled James to pretend to hate me so much for she knew that I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t bare my husband hating me. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t understand why James hated me so much, he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t even eat the food that I made. I tried to figure out who could be behind all this I knew that my husband couldn\uc0{\u8217}t just start hating me out of no where. I had strong believe that someone was making him do all this. I had to come up with a plan to get to the bottom of all this. I knew that if I had pretended to be in a comma, the person behind all this would come and confess. So that afternoon I met with one of the doctors at city hospital and made all the arrangements for this. That evening the family git a call from city hospital saying I had an accident and I had slipped in a comma at city hospital. The all family came to the hospital to see me. When everyone had gone out and I was left alone, my sister strated pouring out her heart out, she started confessing how she hated me and would make my life miserable. She went to an extent of saying she would give me a slow death. There and then I got up and gave her a hot slap on her chics. Thinking she would come to her senses but no, that didn\uc0{\u8217}t happen. I was so shocked and couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe that my own sister that I loved so much would do this to me. I was heartbroken but I had no choice than to call the police to arrest her for I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t recognize her anymore. And she wasn\uc0{\u8217}t ready to change her ways till I was dead. The police came and arrested her and she was found guilty for attempted murder.}}\par
\sect
}