{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy09\hr12\min57\sec54}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy09\hr12\min57\sec54}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 MY IN-LAW}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I met my brother-in-law three months before my wedding, as I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t interested to know moreabout my family-in-law this is why we never met before, I think I was very busy with my smallbusiness and other occupations.Let us go back to the beginning, my name is Claudine Kanda, I\uc0{\u8217}m optimistic, open-minded, withcritical thinking, I am a believer and I love God. I met my wife when I was at the university inG1, at Lubumbashi. A great place in Haut-Katanga, with a mixing of people from everywherearound the country, and in neighboring countries and we are living in peace.Our local language which is Swahili it had a mix of different languages from everywhere, we canhear even some words from English, French, Lingala, Kibemba, and others, but our officiallanguage is French. We have every kind of food like fish, meat, kitchen, vegetables, and otherslike dry fish and meat.I come from a family of four children, I have two brothers and one sister, and we love each other.The woman I love Patience, comes from a family of nine children boys and girls, I\uc0{\u8217}m familiarwith some of them like Lebon, Julia, and Obrayan. Those are people who I knew before.When we were preparing for my wedding, sometimes I used to go to my wife\uc0{\u8217}s family home fordifferent reasons, like to eat, to discuss the wedding wearing, dance, food, and so on. Other timesI went there to rest and this is the time I overheard some stories about my brother-in-lawKajingu. One day I heard my sisters-in-law and my fianc\uc0{\u233} discussing with their mum, who is mymother-in-law about Kajingu on the things that he has done: like always he did things that madehis father hungry, to steal at home and from others since he was very young. So, when his dadwanted to correct him with advice or beat him a bit, most of the time instead of listening to hisfather, Kajingu went out and started screaming and insulting his father in front of everyone. Foryears Kajingu used to beat her sisters every time there was a small problem or conflict, and hehad a different opinion on everything his parents did for him like bringing him to private schoolto have a good education and boarding, He didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to be educated and this is the thing thatmade his father hungry. One day his father asked him why he didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to go to school, andKajingu responded to his daddy and said: Dad is my life, and I don\uc0{\u8217}t see why you want to force}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 him to go to school. That day his father beat him and Kajingu ran away from fro three years, hetried even to enter the national army. But when one of his father\uc0{\u8217}s friends who is a Jef officerinformed them that Kajingu his in the army, her mum went to search for him there and broughthim back home.After my wedding day, my wife and I agreed to move away from his family square to a newlocation in the Kasumblesa district. We went there to have some privacies and plans. So, I wasdisconnected from my in-law\uc0{\u8217}s family activities for more than years, as I had some projects towork on then I was focused on my small business which was cultivating the field, and makingpoultry and fish steak.Of course, my wife kept a connection with his family which is why in 2021 one day Kajingutalked with my wife on the phone and told him that he wanted to shelf with his family to comewhere we were living by reason of the social situation as he lost his job where he was working inthe handling in the mining career as a driver. And when my wife explained me I agreed with her.But what is strange is since then my brother-in-law never called me to let me know that hisfamily has moved and they are coming to my home place. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t take it seriously because in mythoughts I was saying perhaps is busy for now, later he would call and then we would talk, aftersix months his family came to my home place, his wife and five children and we welcomedthem. That day I was excited and waiting to have a call from Kajingu, but he never called meduring the seven months his family stayed in my home. This situation left me with sorrow, and Iwas worried about him, and asking myself why this man couldn\uc0{\u8217}t call me while his family his inmy house.I got hungry with him and I told my wife that I don\uc0{\u8217}t if one day I will have a talk with yourbrother. She asked me; why. Then I told her because of his behavior, how his family could be inmy house but he never called me even once! My wife told me and said; my brother is like thismost of the time. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to argue with my wife about his brother because for me thatwasn\uc0{\u8217}t important, and I just forgot about it. By God's grace kajingu\uc0{\u8217}s family found a place wherethey could live, and after eath months Kajingu came to Kasumbalesa district when my wife toldme that his brother was there, someday I went to his home place and greeted him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I asked him and said; in-law why have you never called me since your family was here? Hesmiled a bit and said: hum\uc0{\u8230} Claudine, you know, I was busy with my job, and rarely did I touchmy phone.I replied and said: In-law, I had your family in my house but even once you never called!Kajingu replied with pride and negligence as if it were nothing at all and said; Claudine, that isnothing. I was choked to hear him react like that! Behind he said: I will pay you a drink toarrange this, he added and said: is it right for you? I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to make the situation worse, Ireplied and said: it's okay. Kajingu paid me a soft drink and started talking about other things, inmy heart I believe that my brother-in-law understood, and our relationship was good in thefollowing days.In Kasumbalesa people knew me as a believer and that meant I had some limitations of freedomin the city, there were places where I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t go like nightclubs, public drink places, barre, andso on. But one day brother-in-law sent me an audio message on my phone and said that hewanted to bring Patience my wife to drink with him and his wife to the event at a public placewhere they were a festival around 7 pm.After thinking I said no to him, I refused my wife to attend the event with him around theevening and to drink at a public place because people in the area would talk a lot like my wifeshe\uc0{\u8217}s a drinker. So, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t let that happen. That was the reason, and I sent him an audiomessage to let him know.We were near his home place and sometimes my wife used to go there for a short family visit,and the same day around 8 pm went there to see them, she found that his brother was veryhungry because of me and started talking about many things, he even added some wrong detailsas I told me in the audio that he doesn\uc0{\u8217}t have a right to bring my wife somewhere, he added andsaid I tell him that he didn\uc0{\u8217}t have a good reputation in the area. in the speech like I\uc0{\u8217}m notconsidering him, and giving him respect, and he is disappointed about me.As a good believer who knows the sense of forgiveness the next day went to see him and askedfor his forgiveness, also explained to him the reason why I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t allow my wife to go withhim that night. After he accepted my apology, I went back home. I resolved to go visit it fromtime to time to erase all that happened between us and move forward but at the end of the day I}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 realized that I was the one searching for him but he never came again to my home, even I canleave a message to his wife, or children to tell him that I was looking for him, he never called meback. I could make an effort to reach him and when we met if L asked him why you didn\uc0{\u8217}t comehome, the answer was: I went to see someone else, he was speaking with a bad tone of voice andpride. While he was talking; even his body language accused him of being an impolite person.And this happened repeatedly.Furthermore, I decided to never call me again or reach for him, and I told my wife about it,Patience my wife was speechless as she knew everything his brother was doing.I better try my best but my in-law is still the same person. So, what else could I do? Sorry forhim.}}\par
\sect
}