{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy16\hr17\min03\sec24}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy16\hr17\min03\sec24}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We all have that one person who take a huge space in our heart and a day cannot pass without thinking or talking to them. This is because of the positive impacts this person brings in our lives. This person is always there for us no matter how awkward our situation is and always willing to talk. In simple words I call this person my 911.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My influential person is my father, he owns a huge space in my heart that no one can ever take away. You might ask yourself does this woman have a boyfriend or husband? The answer is yes, but this husband has his own space too. My father is that kind of a person who sees potential in a person where other people cannot. He believes that everyone is capable of doing anything as long as they put effort on it despite their situation. And I have grown to witness this. I have lived in a refugee camp my whole life and I have seen people do wonders despite the limitations imposed on them. Let us talk about the business sector or education sector you will see refugees putting efforts to make things happen. You will see them rising to the point you wonder how they manage to do so.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This man has the spirit of helping other people with the little he has. When I was little I used to think he was wasting the little he has on people who will not even remember or help him in the future. I have seen him help many families that just arrived in the camp by giving those beans, flour and cloths. Some used to come back to thank him later when life gets better for them and some never came back but to him giving is better than receiving. Seeing this when growing up it has given me the same heart my father has. Myself I believe in doing well and walking away. I believe it is only God who will reward me. And of course I have reached places I would not reach because of my father\uc0{\u8217}s name. Once people see me they are like that the daughter to the man who helped me when I just arrived please welcome her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Have you ever reached a stage where you are stranded and you do not know whom to talk to? Do not worry, you are not alone. I have been there so many times and I was always afraid of telling my friends about it in fear of being judged, and some used to turn people\uc0{\u8217}s situation into a community discussion which I hated. For this reason, I always to have an emergency number to call and talk to and this is my father. His number is always available. When I call him hangs up and calls back, this is his one way of saving my voucher. He always lends me his ears, comforts me and directs me on how to handle my situation. I have vowed to myself that I would rather be depressed than talking other people. My siblings always calls me dad\uc0{\u8217}s daughter due to the bond we have.}}\par
\sect
}