{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy26\hr18\min07\sec07}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy26\hr18\min07\sec07}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sister, Aneti has just turned 21 this January. She is a young girl who I think if she does not stop what she is doing, she will end up ruining her life. She is currently studying at Malawi Assemblies of God University in Lilongwe. During the December holiday, she did something that pissed me off and I am mad at her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There is a certain man, Phiri who wanted her to be in a relationship with my sister but she rejected him because he is a married man. This was happening the time she was at school. On the 25th of December last year, my sister decided to send a text message of \uc0{\u8220}Happy new year, I also need beer because I miss drinking\uc0{\u8221} to him. Mr. Phiri did not hesitate and told my sister that she should find him at Bwandilo bar for drinks.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sister decided to meet him with her three friends from school. After drinking for some hours, it was getting dark so one of her friends said they have got to go and she agreed since it was getting late and she noticed it. My sister decided to approach Mr. Phiri to let him know that they are leaving.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sister was surprised to hear from him that he expected to spend the night with her. She then told him that there was no way to sleep since she has to prepare herself to go back to school. He then replied to her that it was okay for her to go and prepare for school. He asked for the bill and told my sister that he was going to get the money in the car where he parked it. That was the last time she saw Mr. Phiri and he even switched off his phone. My sister started wondering where she would get the money to pay the bill of 250,500 Malawian Kwacha. The bar owner took all their phones and said to them that when they get the money, they will get back their devices.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They tried calling him again and again but he was not reachable. My sister decided to give the barman the computer that is not even her own. It was mine which is something that pissed me off. She told the bar owner that once she gets the money, she will come back to collect the computer. When she came back home around 8pm, she explained everything to me. I don\uc0{\u8217}t like shouting at my sister but I could not hold myself that day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I love my sister and I don\uc0{\u8217}t like it when she is sad. I decided to pay for her mess so that she can bring my laptop back. On top of that, I borrowed her the laptop for her to be using it to write assignments at school. There is nothing I cannot do for my sister as long I am capable of doing it. I warned her to stop talking to married men since they just want to play with her body and later give her up. She agreed to concentrate on her studies. We made an agreement that if this incident repeat itself, she should not consider me as a brother to her.}}\par
\sect
}