{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy24\hr16\min38\sec34}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy24\hr16\min38\sec34}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 MOVING OUT OF THE CAMP FOR THE FIRST TIME.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I graduated from a diploma program in 2013, I was employed in a film organization where I worked as a facilitator. We could go to the community and screen films targeting different contents which includes hygiene and sanitation, peace and reconciliation and entertainment.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 During one of my screenings, I meet with a south Sudanese woman who got interested in my work and asked for my number. I gave her and she called me. She told me there are so many opportunities in their country and that I could earn a lot of money. I saw this has a God sent opportunity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She told me that she will arrange for all the transport and also on how I will be able to cross the border with her. I agreed and arranged with her and she told me that I will not need any documents to cross over since she had someone that she knew at the border.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Due to too much excitement I was even unable to ask what kind of job I will be doing. Which organization I was going to work with?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I got prepared and I wrote my resignation letter since I only had one week left for the month to end and she had said that she will be living to S. Sudan at the end of the month.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My boss was so happy for me and he even advised me to work had and save money for my family because he knew the difficulties that my family was facing and he knew this was another milestone that I was going to achieve.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My work continued as normal but inside my heart and life, I was already seeing how I was going to send my brothers and sisters to school. Don\uc0{\u8217}t get me wrong, there are schools in the camp but not the standard one\uc0{\u8217}s, so parents who are able to afford school fees send their children to private schools in one of the schools in the other cities of Kenya but those who are unable, they depend on the ones in the camp and thus I was counting my self being the lucky one to send my brothers and sisters. I also saw myself constructing enough rooms for my entire family. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t mention this, I come from a family which had 12 people since 2005 when we arrived in Kenya but you can\uc0{\u8217}t image we are now we are 17. How that number increased, it will be in another story.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We had 3 rooms, my mum divided one room for all the female, one room for all the male and another room acted as a sitting place. We used to cook outside and you can imagine with all the sandy wind that blows every day and how sunny the camp is but you are forced to cook. I had put all those into consideration knowing that soon, everything will change.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The month ended, and I got my incentive salary and that is what I used as my transport but the one who was taking also promised to pay for me from the border to the capital. The time came for us to depart and finally we started our journey.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember we boarded from the Kakuma town in a small car which took us to town a place called Lokichogio. From there, we boarded to the border called Nadapal. When we reached at the border, we crossed on foot because there were check points. Everyone went through the checkpoint and the police officer were asking for travelling papers or passport. Our turn came up and she asked me not to mention anything. By the way I am short and very small in size so if someone sees me, they can think that I am still an underage. She presented her papers and she spoke in Arabic language when they asked for my papers. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t understand what they had talked about so I didn\uc0{\u8217}t care much. They allowed us to go through. I was feeling so happy when I saw that we were allowed, I jumped with joy not knowing the session will change.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As soon as we arrived, I was so happy seeing the lights all over the streets. We arrived and I thought we had reached but we boarded another car to the residence. When we reached to the venue, they opened the gate. The house was very big and it hard so many furniture which I believed was the main sitting room. \uc0{\u160}It was well decorated with big pictures at the wall. The room had a very nice aroma and the atmosphere was so welcoming. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe my eyes because I have always dreamt of one day being in a permanent house rather ten the ones we are having now, the iron sheet and timber only. It was so amazing seeing all these good things in front of me. I had forgotten all the trouble, poverty and even hard times that I have gone through with my family for that particular moment.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They showed us a room and it was like I was watching a movie or was in a dream land. I pitched myself to see if I was still alive or I had died and was in heaven. Because in church they say that \uc0{\u8220}when people die and go to heaven, it\uc0{\u8217}s very beautiful, people walk in gold, eat honey and milk\uc0{\u8221}. That is why I thought maybe I had gone to heaven. Life is not has it looks from the outside, things are so different at the ground.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I was still in the camp I heard people where earning a lot of money from S. Sudan and thus when I got the opportunity I immediately went for it not thinking about what might go wrong. As soon as we had settled. They got me the job of working at the Bar. When I was told I was so disappointed because I was told since I had a diploma, I could be employed and earn good money. I did not ask since the woman who took me had left. They only told us that the job was paying well and we had good security.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our first day went well since were just introduced to the others that worked in that same bar. We ate at the same place that day and when it was around 11:00pm, the car came for us and we left. I remember seeing a lot of people in that very day. The place was so large and it was full of people. It has a bar and restaurant at the same time. It was a very busy place. I also noticed that girls were the only ones who were saving in this bar and you could count the male servants. I never bathes because I only thought they needed to work.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In our rooms that night we reached and they told us work could begin the next day. So we went to bed. While on the bed I wondered. Why was it that the same day I came is the same day some others girls also arrived?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The place was so amazing, though the weather was so familiar like the one for Kakuma. It was so windy and there was a lot of dust. It\uc0{\u8217}s also a semi-desert place like in Turkana County in Kenya. It was so hot that most of the people always slept outside at night or left their doors open to allow in enough air at night. The only difference here was the buildings were well constructed and most were permanent buildings. I remember in the house that we stayed in was so big that I thought were in the palace.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Working as a bar attendant wasn\uc0{\u8217}t something that I had dreamt of but there I was, working in the bar. At first I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe it since I considered it to be indecent work.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a period of six month, I was familiar with the place and I was able to secure a job for my self has a patient attendant in one of the private neighboring area that we lived. I remember telling the boss that I had to move out and I needed my money but I was so surprised when he said that he owed me nothing. He said we ate and slept for free thus that was our payment but I was fortunate enough that in that clinic they had accommodation for their staffs.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was able to work and was loved by the patient which left a good impression on my boss. They treated me well and also other staffs did because I was able to share with them my problems and told them why I was in that country. How my dream for getting big money and help my family in the camp was kind of shuttered because the reality that was in the field was so different from what we had heard in the camp.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Being desperate in life, so many times leads us into problems. I was able to communicate with my mother back home. I told her what I had gone through. My mum is so understanding and she is a kind of a person who always allows us to experience the world. She doesn\uc0{\u8217}t deny us anything and she told us we always learn through experiences and that\uc0{\u8217}s the reason she allows us to go to places.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This experience helped me be strong and courageous at the same time. I can go to any place and face any problem and I will not be shaken. My life wasn\uc0{\u8217}t smooth while were growing up and thus I have not taken anything that I get for granted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}