{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy05\hr08\min22\sec27}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy05\hr08\min22\sec27}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am woman aged 40, an accountant and working. I joined Tinder dating application and started talking to a 51 years old man. He said he is a widower and his friends have been trying connect him to ladies but he wants to meet on his own. So his daughter helped him set up an account on the Tinder dates app.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Last week he messaged me that he is in Blantyre for work and would like to meet. When we met, we realised we know each other. His late wife was my friend. It was a very awkward moment. He didn\uc0{\u8217}t tell me his real surname, he used a surname from his mother\uc0{\u8217}s side deliberately to avoid being figured out until he meets me. And he used the lion as his profile picture. I did put my photo but he didn\uc0{\u8217}t recognise me because we have met twice or 3 times.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I can\uc0{\u8217}t date or even get close my late friend\uc0{\u8217}s husband. But it has been embarrassing. According to my knowledge he\uc0{\u8217}s a good man since he was married to my friend for over 20 years but I can\uc0{\u8217}t. I hope he will find someone. I encourage men out there to be putting their real pictures on their social media platforms because it is silly for a grown up to put lions as their profiles.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At that moment, I was searching for a serious man on the App over 40 years, am financially very okay. I just need someone to share moments with. I am talking to some men on the same App but some are not putting their pictures. Some put flowers, landscape and cats which I find silly. It has reached to a point where am thinking of giving up because I find men of nowadays very unserious yet they are grown ups.}}\par
\sect
}