{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy27\hr20\min32\sec15}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy27\hr20\min32\sec15}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I always had a fascination with the macabre and twisted. As a child, I would immerse myself in dark fairy tales and horror stories, always craving more. It was as if the darkness called to me, and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t resist its pull. One day, while exploring the woods near my home, I stumbled upon an old abandoned mansion. The mansion was massive, with towering spires and crumbling walls, and I was immediately drawn to its darkness. I knew that I had to explore it, to uncover the secrets that lay within those crooked walls.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I made my way through the dark and dusty rooms of the mansion, I felt a strange energy surrounding me. It was as if the very walls of the mansion were alive with the echoes of the past, and I could feel the ghosts of those who had lived there before me. I was not afraid, in fact , I felt a rush of excitement as I roamed the dark halls of the mansion. I imagined myself as a powerful queen, ruling over the decaying kingdom that lay before me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I made my way deeper into the mansion, I stumbled upon a strange room that was unlike any other I had seen. The walls were adorned with intricate symbols and runes, and the air was thick with a dark and mysterious energy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I felt drawn to the room, and as I stepped inside, I was teleported into another world. It was a world of darkness and shadows, where the very air was charged with magic and mystery. The first creature I encountered was a towering beast, with skin as black as midnight and eyes that glowed like embers. It let out a deafening roar as it charged at me, but I stood my ground and met its attack head-on. With a fierce battle cry, I unleashed a wave of magic with my sword that sent the creature crashing to the ground.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I continued on my journey, I encountered all manner of strange creatures and beings. Some were twisted and malformed, while others were sleek and deadly. There were dark spirits that whispered curses in my ear and shrouded my vision in darkness, and skeletal warriors that clattered their way towards me with rusted swords in hand. But the fiercest creature of them all was the dragon. It was a massive beast, with scales as black as the void and eyes that glowed like molten gold. As soon as I laid eyes on it, I knew that I was in for the fight of my life, or should I say, death.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The dragon let out a deafening roar, its breath hot enough to scorch the very air around it. It charged at me, its jaws gaping wide, ready to devour me whole. But I was ready. I drew on all of my magic and unleashed a torrent of fire and lightning at the dragon, striking it with all my might. The dragon fought back fiercely, its tail lashing out and its claws slashing at me with deadly precision. But I dodged and weaved, never giving up an inch of ground. I was determined to emerge victorious, no matter the cost.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After what felt like an eternity, the dragon finally let out a final roar and fell to the ground, defeated. I stood over its massive body, panting and covered in sweat and blood. But I was victorious, and I knew that I had proven myself worthy and had conquered the dark and twisted world that lay before me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I heard my mum call me, and I was surprised to hear her voice in such a dark world. Suddenly, it all made sense, I was dreaming. Would this be a dream or a nightmare ?I wondered. I was in love and I hoped I\uc0{\u8217}d have more of such dreams.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From that day on, I knew that I would always be drawn to the dark and twisted corners of the world. I started to seek adventure in the darkest of places in my real world, scary right ? Its because I knew that I had the strength and the courage to face whatever lay ahead, and that I would never be afraid to embrace my little dark twisted fantasy.}}\par
\sect
}