{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr12\min46\sec22}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr12\min46\sec22}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Tour of Sri-Lanka: One-day series recap}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My little trip to Sri Lanka turned into one of the most exciting vacations I had in a while. It was an odd choice for vacation given the plethora choices I had. Sri Lanka, an island in South Asia, lying in the Indian ocean southwest of the Bay Bengal. It was a country I had get to know through my interest in cricket getting to appreciate the greats which the country had produced, the likes of Kumar Sangakkara and Mahela Jayawardene. My cricket interest had died over the years with the busy schedule which I had to deal with as a leading accountant.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My vacation took an interesting turn as the Zimbabwean cricket checked in the same hospital I was in. On enquiry, the team had come to Sri Lanka for a three match series, my love for cricket was a dying flame in my heart was lit up instantly and decided to extend my stay for the three match series rooting for my home nation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 An exhilarating series was dented by a lifeless batting display by Zimbabwe in the third one day International. Zimbabwe were bowled out for 70 as Sri Lanka won by 184 runs winning the three match series 2-1. Zimbabwe seemed to have the match on lockdown following an impressive bowling performance restricting Sri Lanka for 254-9 in their allotted 50 overs. After the opening partnership of Pathum Nissanka and Kusal Mendis had a steady stand of 80 but they were scoring at a rate of under four an over. The seam bowling trio of Blessing Muzarabani, Tendai Chatara and Richard Ngarava were excellent with both their line and length. They were all utilizing the fourth stump line with the ball swinging away from the right handers thus were difficult to put away. Wellington Masakadza also kept things tight and it led to the fall of Kusal Mendis as he attempted to accelerate. Zimbabwe bowlers were disciplined overall with conceding only 4 extras and shared wickets all-round. The ever improving Richard Ngarava finished with best figures of 2-42 from his 9 overs. The death bowling was also impressive as the pacers utilizing their repertoire of variations taking the pace off the bowl and some leg cutters. Charith Assalanka (52) and Pathum Nissanka (55) were the top scorers for the hosts.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In response, the Zimbabwe batsman imploded, with pacer Chameera taking the wickets of opener Regis Chakabva for 1 and captain Craig Ervine went for a golden duck in his second over. The Chevrons never recovered as in form batsman Sean Williams was clean bowled by Maheesh Thekshana for 6. Takudzwa Kaitano top scored with 19 before he fell to leg spinner Jeffrey Vandersay for the third time in their series after some impressive glove work by Kusal Mendis. Zimbabwe\uc0{\u8217}s wickets fell in quick succession with few runs on the board as besides Kaitano only Ryan Burl managed to cross double figures with his laboured 15 off 44 deliveries. Fans lamented Zimbabwe\uc0{\u8217}s lack of exposure to batting under lights as a cause for the appalling batting performance as others attributed to the lack of mental fortitude after losing a couple of early wickets.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The bowlers failed to defend 296 in the first one-day match as the Chevrons lost by 5 wickets. The Chevrons batting first put 296 on the board with former skipper Sean Williams notching up his 5th One Day International hundred. He was supported by opener Regis Chakabva (72), Kaitano (42). The Zimbabwe particularly Chatara failed to apply pressure on the batsman bowling missing their lengths more often than not and the Lankan batsman cashed in with Dinesh Chandimal and Charith Assalanka and Pathum Nissanka all getting 50+ scores in a dominant batting display.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tendai Chatara redeemed himself in the second one day International with a much improved bowling display as he got 3 wickets in a 23 run victory for Zimbabwe. Zimbabwe similar to the opening match won the toss and batted first and scored 302 runs for the loss of 7 wickets. Skipper Craig Ervine top scored for the Chevrons failing 9 short of his 4th International ton. Sikandar Raza was excellent with his quick-fire 56. Whereas Regis Chakabva (47) and Sean Williams (48) were unlucky to miss out on their own personal milestones but provided valuable knocks for the team.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Zimbabwe cricket fans were excited by the meritocratic approach adopted by the selectors rewarding in form players on the domestic scene with national team call-ups. Takudzwa Kaitano made his debut following some impressive performances for the Midwest Rhinos. Performances which translated to the International stage as well. He was in good nick for his 42. The only concern was his failure to negotiate leg spin as he lost his wicket to Jeffrey Vandersay in all three matches, twice failing to pick the googly and the other one failing to deal with the orthodox leg break. After teasing retirement last year, Sean Williams continued in his rich vein form finishing with 154 runs on the tour. Williams was one of the best batsman in world cricket at that time with an average of 50 in ODI cricket since the beginning of 2018.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Following the end of the series, I then departed disappointed as Zimbabwe had failed to clinch the overall series albeit heartfelt performances from the players.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}