{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy02\hr19\min17\sec21}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy02\hr19\min17\sec21}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My Neighbour\uc0{\u8217}s Destruction}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The last time I saw her, I thought she would not make it through the night. She got past me with an awkward movement, drunk with a strong smell of alcohol that is locally brewed for low class drinkers. She got bruises on her arms like she got into a fight with people she was with in the bar. She then slammed and barged into her house like she got conflict with the door. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t bother to sk her because that was her way of living. However, I was surprised to see her in this state. It was my first time to see her wasted and violent like this. The path she chose indeed got her life doomed. Fifi was a good looking woman with a stunning appearance that would attract most people. Before her life got messy , Fifi had a good life with her husband and children. Fifi had two children together with her husband, a boy and a girl. The would live a happy life until the time when Fifi started cheating on her husband. She started becoming unfaithful to her husband. She would go out and come back home late only to find his husband and kids waiting. Everytime she come home late, she would not miss a justification for her late coming. The time came when her husband got tired of her impudence and warned to divorce her. Fifi couldn\uc0{\u8217}t fret an inch because of the other man she was cheating with. One day she got into a fight with her boyfriend and came back home drunk. Her husband arrived and noticed his drunk wife lying on the couch. He asked her what happened for her to get drunk, but Fifi here thought it was the boyfriend asking. She acted and talked to him as if it was the man she was cheating with. The husband got furious knowing that his wife was cheating all this while with another man. Fifi\uc0{\u8217}s husband got some staff recorded from her that would confirm her infidelity on his marriage. Later the next day the husband had already made a decision to divorce her. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t have anything to say than apologising to him. The husband couldn\uc0{\u8217}t open his heart for her apology, so the divorce proceeded. The divorce happened and the husband had to share some of his wealth to his ex wife. Fifi took with her the two children because they were little to live with their father. Fifi\uc0{\u8217}s ex husband helped her to find a house for her to live in as being part of the divorce conditions. The house Fifi got into was very close to my home which is why at times she would come to ask me for help or for something she needs. When relocating to this new house with her kids, Fifi had to learn new ways of surviving. She had to do this because her boyfriend, the one she was cheating with had disappeared after learning that she is a divorced woman. Fifi established a small business shop of vegetables and fruits. She conducted this business to support her wellbeing with her kids. This business survived for a short period of time due to poor management, nevertheless it finally collapsed. Fifi now has nothing to do, so she had to look for other alternatives. Life became very tough for her then she decided to start going out with different men in bars. She had started using her body to generate some income. Unknowingly she became a prostitute as time went by. People close to her advised her to return her kids to her ex husband. She agreed to do so but with a doubt whether her ex husband would accept it. Fortunately her ex husband agreed to live with her kids if only she would never claim them back. She agreed and left to live her life. At this point Fifi has turned into a bar monger and alcoholic. She continued sleeping with men for money until her beauty faded. She got wasted every single day of her life. Her attractiveness disappeared and no one would stare at her for a second. Everyone including her parents had already given up on her and now she has to loose herself to the very low class bars. As we speak now she had to be taken to the hospital for fainting due to over drinking.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}