{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo05\dy03\hr16\min12\sec13}{\revtim \yr2023\mo05\dy03\hr16\min12\sec13}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have always been an introvert. I always find comfort in the solitude of my own company, and the thought of socializing makes me feel anxious. Growing up, my parents often tried to push me out of their shell, but it never seemed to work. I preferred spending my time reading books or listening to music alone in my room, and that was just the way I liked it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But deep down, I yearned for something more. I longed for a sense of belonging, a community where I could feel at ease and be my true self. I knew that being an introvert didn\uc0{\u8217}t mean I had to be alone all the time, and I was determined to find the other side of myself that I had kept hidden for so long from the public.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, I decided to take a chance and join a local book club. It was a small group of people who shared a passion for Reading and writing and I felt like I might fit in. I was nervous at first, but soon found that the other members were welcoming and kind. They didn\uc0{\u8217}t judge me for being quiet or reserved, and they were eager to hear my thoughts on the books they were reading.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Over time, I started to open up more. I found out\uc0{\u160} that I had a lot to say and that people were interested in listening to me. I even started suggesting books for the club to read and I was surprised to find that they were well-received. Being a part of the book club gave me a sense of purpose and belonging that I had never experienced before.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But as much as I enjoyed the book club, I knew that I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t rely on it as my only social outlet. I wanted to push myself further, to explore the other side of me that I had kept hidden for so long. So I decided to take up a new hobby: painting.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had always loved Photography, but had never pursued it seriously. I bought A camera and reflectors and set up a small studio in my apartment. At first, I was hesitant to show anyone my Visual art fearing that they wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t be good enough. But with time, I grew more confident in my abilities, and started to share my artwork with friends and family. I also started doing portraits and editing them for cash.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To my surprise, people were impressed by my Attention to details and editing skills. They praised my use of color and composition, and urged me to keep creating. I had never felt so validated in my life as this. Visual photography became a form of therapy for me, a way to express the emotions that I had kept bottled up for so long.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I continued to explore the other side of myself, I found out that I was capable of so much more than I had ever imagined. I started taking yoga classes, and found that mindfulness and meditation helped me deal with my anxiety. I even started volunteering at a local animal shelter, where I found out that my love for animals brought out the person in me even more.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I realized that being an introvert didn\uc0{\u8217}t mean that\uc0{\u160} I had to be isolated or lonely. I had a lot to offer the world, and people were interested in what I had to say and create. I learned that it was okay to take risks, to step outside of my comfort zone, and to embrace my other side that I had been waiting to discover.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the end, I found a sense of belonging that I had never thought possible. I discovered my other side and realized that it was a beautiful, vibrant, and fulfilling place to be.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}