{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy13\hr13\min05\sec17}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy13\hr13\min05\sec17}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was born in a middle class family, dad was a lawyer and mum was a sculptor. And unfortunately she wasn\uc0{\u8217}t as good as she thought. Is that a monkey\uc0{\u8217}s butt mum? Yes it represents freedom. You won\uc0{\u8217}t get it. I don\uc0{\u8217}t think anyone will. Growing up, I was closer to my dad. He would read to me everyday and tuck me into bed. While mum stayed in her room making weird structures from mud. Every time dad asked her to get a real job. She would lock herself in and not come out for days. One evening after an argument with dad, mum left the house in the middle of the night. We searched everywhere and found her in the park crouching under the tree. Oh what took you guys so long?\uc0{\u160} Look what I made. Mum, we were going crazy\uc0{\u160} looking for you. Oh, buy I was right here darling. Things changed after that, mum and dad started avoiding each other even more and dad got busier with work. I saterted reading to keep myself distracted. By seventeen, I had read almost all the books in dad\uc0{\u8217}s library. One night I was studying for a test when I heard mum and dad arguing again. I work had all day and night and you go behind my back to get these useless things? Dad yelled. Am trying to build something amazing, and I knew you wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t give me the money if I told you, just relax. Mum answered. No, I won\uc0{\u8217}t, I have had enough, am leaving. Dad replied in anger and left. What? No, dad! Wait. Dad didn\uc0{\u8217}t even turn around. I was so mad at mum for driving him away that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t talk to her for days. After dad left, things went downhill quickly in terms of money. I was a high school student so we got an extension in the fees and somehow I convinced my mum to get a job in the diner so we wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t go completely broke. But a few days later, I came back from school to fond mum sitting outside the house. What? What happened? The landlord threw us out, we didn\uc0{\u8217}t have the money for rent. Mum replied. But I thought you got a salary. Yes, but then I saw this beautiful sculpting kit and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t stop myself. Can\uc0{\u8217}t you ask for an advance at your job? No I can\uc0{\u8217}t, I quit. Waiting on people is not my thing. You quit? Mum are you crazy? We are homeless because you spent everything on those stupid supplies. This is not stupid, this is my dream. And what about my dreams? You know I want to study law. And you know what? It\uc0{\u8217}s my fault, I should have known better. The look on mum\uc0{\u8217}s face broke my heart, but I was too mad to think straight. We took our luggage\uc0{\u160} and moved to a motel nearby and I spent the whole night applying to every part time job on the Internet. That\uc0{\u8217}s when I came across an add asking for a baby sitter for a ten year old twin. The pay was good so I applied and luckily I got a call back almost immediately. Along with the address, the place was was in the middle of nowhere. I was asked to start my work immediately the next day. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t sleep that night anxiously waiting to start my new job the next day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To be continued.}}\par
\sect
}