{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy11\hr19\min20\sec33}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy11\hr19\min20\sec33}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0 Time had past by from the time I was raped, I was now twenty five. I was just sixteen years old when I got raped. It was one evening of my birthday and I was had turned\uc0{\u160} sixteen years old that day. My four friends from school surprised with a cake in the evening from the bus as we were being dropped home by the school driver and the conductor. It was so fun, they sung a happy birthday song to me and fed me with some piece of the cake. It didn\uc0{\u8217}t take long when all of them were dropped at their houses because they lived near each other and I was the last in the bus to be dropped home. As I was eating my ice cream that one of my friends had bought me as a gift, I noticed that the driver was slowing down on driving and turned looking at me in a weired way. I kept calm and just continued eating my ice cream, I was scared though but sat still without saying a word. The driver stopped the bus and started moving towards me together with the conductor. The driver was called Ivan and the conductor was called Chris. Ivan pushed me down and grabbed my hands so tightly and they both raped me and left me by a lonely road\uc0{\u160} side. I shouted and cried but no one came. I got up with blood allover my body and moved back home in alot of pain. When I got home, my parents started crying on seeing me, and when I told them what had happened to me,my dad fell down and died on spot, I was so traumatized, my mother picked me immediately and rushed to the hospital and later went to the police to lay a complaint. Since we were not from a wealthy family, the police didn\uc0{\u8217}t really put so much interest into my case, I was more depressed, I started getting treatment from a psychiatrist and taking anti depression tablets as well. My case wasn\uc0{\u8217}t resolved because the police were busy with some other case that would bring them more fame.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0 Years later, I became a nursery school teacher, I would teach the kids from home, I was having sixteen kids on my class and their parents would bring them in the morning and pick them in evening everyday except for the weekends. The kids had grown fun of me and that\uc0{\u8217}s when I decided to execute my plans. That day, all the kids were aty place ready to learn, I looked all the doors and put for them cartoons. I went in my room and called the chief of police and informed her that I had sixteen children hostage, I told her that I would call her after an hour for the negotiations and just hunged up. I had my helper tied up on a chair and I had called the driver to bring me some food stuffs for the kids. I knew he would arrive before the police, so when he reached I let him inside and hit his head and tied him up as well on the chair.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After an hour, the police gathered around the house, I called them up and warned them that if they tried any tricks to get inside I would open fire on the kids and shoot them dead. They asked me what I wanted and I told them fifteen millions Uganda shillings. \uc0{\u8221}Okayi will arrange for the money but will you let the children go?\uc0{\u8221} The police chief asked me. \uc0{\u8221}No, just one child will be released, and if I don\uc0{\u8217}t see that money within an hour, one child will die.\uc0{\u8221} I replied. They arranged for the money, since they had my profile checked, they already had my bank details, they transfered the money and I releases one of the kids. He called me back again, \uc0{\u8221}why don\uc0{\u8217}t you just say everything you want at once and we get this over with?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}This is just the beginning, just wait for my next demand.\uc0{\u8221} I replied.}}\par
\sect
}