{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy02\hr19\min40\sec32}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy02\hr19\min40\sec32}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They came from another land.Tonight was their first new year here.It couldn\uc0{\u8217}t be better than to surprise her with some juice and a small picnic table and sit together in the yard until the moment of handing over the year.With a wooden picnic basket in my hand, I rang her doorbell.she was excited to see me as a new friend.But in her own way, as she was standing calmly and her eyes were shining.Her response to my invitation was different than what I imagined.After finishing my words, with a half-smile, she looked at me and her parents which were standing behind her, who were more happy than herself for this invitation and encouraged her to accept.Everything was contrary to what I knew, this means that in her land, the parents of this house were not the ones who restricted her, maybe there was something outside of that house, that is not outside of here\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As we were sitting behind the yard and looking at the sky, I asked her:+ What is your wish for this year?_ I achieved many of my wishes this year.+ What wishes?_ To walk in the park in night, my parents won\uc0{\u8217}t worry when I come home late.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 (She didn\uc0{\u8217}t understand what I said, maybe it\uc0{\u8217}s because of the language difference)}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 + Look, these are very beautiful, but I meant bigger dreams._ Like riding a bike? I haven\uc0{\u8217}t done it yet, maybe next year, when I achieve my biggest dream.(a big smile appeared on her face)}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 + Biggest wish?_ University admission. After I get my residency, I can go to university by bike every day, what can be more amazing than this?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After seeing my judging eyes, she smiled and said:_ Were they very simple?She knew that none of them were similar to a dream, but the truth was those were her dreams, so unlike a dream, like my daily to-do list that I try to get rid of every day\uc0{\u8230}I answered: \uc0{\u8221}No :)\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 + It\uc0{\u8217}s twelve o\uc0{\u8217}clock, the party starts now! You can\uc0{\u8217}t imagine how beautiful are the fireworks!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She freaked out at the sound of the first fireworks.I looked at her, she was scared and pale. I asked: \uc0{\u8221}wasn\uc0{\u8217}t it beautiful?\uc0{\u8221}With a worried expression and a quiet whisper, she said: \uc0{\u8221}Its sound!\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}I was wrong, she had accumulated 20 years inside her, which in 20 years of living here, maybe she could only fade them, not draw something new\uc0{\u8230}The world was different to her eyes. A sound of fireworks would remind me of only a new year, while it could remind her of shooting guns or explosions.We were the same age but she was older in mind. She loved her parents more, she smiled more, she recognized the color of sky everyday, she was more kind with a softer voice and thoughtful words. People were more precious to her.She had a dark 20 years inside her, which made her as bright and strong as she was today.One day I told her: \uc0{\u8221} War made you so brave!\uc0{\u8221}She replied: \uc0{\u8221} I never wanted to be brave :)\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\sect
}