{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy12\hr09\min32\sec30}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy12\hr09\min32\sec30}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sister got married to her husband in 2013. After six years of marriage, one Sunday afternoon in 2019, there was a knock on the gate. She went to open it and found a woman and a little girl, about seven years old, standing there. When she looked at the girl, her heart started beating faster. The girl looked exactly like her husband.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This is the day she found out her husband had a child. She let them in, screaming and shouting in disbelief. She confronted her husband in front of them and their five-year-old son. He just stared at her quietly. The woman explained that she had been calling her husband, but he wasn\uc0{\u8217}t answering, so she had come in person. She wanted to leave the girl with them for two weeks while she travelled to Zambia. My sister asked if there was no one else to take care of the girl. The mother said it was her choice, but the girl burst into tears when she was left with them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite her anger and shock, my sister accepted the situation because her husband apologized. Over the next two weeks, she became friends with the girl. The girl got used to my sister and her son, and they played together and bonded. A few hours before the mother was supposed to pick her up, the girl fell ill. Her husband was out of town that day. The mother said the girl had a fever and needed to go to the hospital. My sister offered to go with her, but the mother refused and left in a hurry.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Around 8 PM that day, my sister received devastating news from her husband that the girl had died. He accused my sister of killing the girl. His family also blamed her, and within a day, she was chased out of her own house with her son. It all happened so fast, she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe what was happening. The girl\uc0{\u8217}s mother vowed to make her pay for what she believed my sister did to her daughter. My sister tried to explain, but no one believed her. It was an incredibly difficult time. If it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t for our family\uc0{\u8217}s support, I don\uc0{\u8217}t know if she would be here today.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A month later, she learned that her husband and the mother of his late daughter were now living together. She was divorced within a month, and by the end of 2019, her husband married the other woman. Her world came tumbling down. From 2019 to last year, her husband\uc0{\u8217}s life transformed. He was no longer the struggling businessman who didn\uc0{\u8217}t even have a car. He started driving a big expensive car and bought a house in a wealthy area. She saw his posts on Instagram where one minute he was in Cape Town, the next in Dubai, then India.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In October of last year, she had a dream. She dreamt of her husband\uc0{\u8217}s late daughter telling her, \uc0{\u8221}I am still alive. It\uc0{\u8217}s only you who can save me. And I am sorry for what you went through because of me.\uc0{\u8221} The girl repeated these words in Chichewa until my sister woke up. She shared this dream with our family, and we decided to visit a witchdoctor in Karonga. What we saw there shocked us. On a screen, we saw her husband putting something in his daughter\uc0{\u8217}s food on the day she died. We also saw the girl, now older, in a very dark room, wearing the same clothes. The witchdoctor said that she was still alive, but only my sister\uc0{\u8217}s ex-husband could undo the magic keeping her there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The girl now appears in my sister\uc0{\u8217}s dreams once in a while, saying the same things to her. It\uc0{\u8217}s disturbing. She has consulted three other witchdoctors, and they all say the same thing. She confronted her ex-husband, and he warned her to be careful, threatening that she and her son could be next. Since then, she has tried praying, but the girl still appears to her in the dream.}}\par
\sect
}