{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy17\hr09\min41\sec35}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy17\hr09\min41\sec35}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was born just a minute after my twin sister Ruth, she was my twin but we were nothing alike. we did not even look like we were sisters at all. Ruth with her big curly dark hair and brown eyes seemed like an African princess in those fairytale movies, as for me i might have looked like a cabbage patch doll. there is a saying that families are like fudge, mostly sweet but with a few nuts. in our family, that nut was Ruth. the girl was crazy all she ever wanted to do was to have fun and she was born with a really short fuse. like one time mom and dad took us to a restaurant and Ruth thought it would be fun to\uc0{\u160} squeeze the ketchup bottle at people, thank God i was safe\uc0{\u160} but not for long.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}hey roby, would you like some ketchup\uc0{\u8221} saying that Ruth squeezed the bottle so hard that the ketchup landed on not just me but the waiter as well ,instead of being angry my parents were laughing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Ruthie you sure know how to have fun,\uc0{\u8221} dad laughed,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}yes you are so naughty but mama loves you,\uc0{\u8221} mum added.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 i was not surprised when the waiter tried to stop her and she went ballistic, and eventually we were kicked out of the place and banned from ever coming back.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 even when we would have exams, Ruth would never take her studies seriously but still somehow she managed to pass but that wasn\uc0{\u8217}t for long, when we reached grade 10 she failed and had to repeat the class, i was not happy that she failed but i was not sad either. i got to enter grade 11 without Ruth, and it was awesome. i was finally my own person and no longer the sister of the most gorgeous and hot tempered girl in school. i focused really hard on studies and aced all my exams and soon i was top of my class, i had my life goal set, i needed to be the best and get that one scholarship to my favorite university that was offered to our school, while my parents were happy that i was excelling in my studies, they were even prouder that Ruth had joined the cheerleading\uc0{\u160} squad, mum was too excited that she threw a full fledged party for Ruth wearing her cheerleading uniform from\uc0{\u160} ages ago.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}oh my love you keep making us proud and following in your mamas footsteps,\uc0{\u8221} mum hugged Ruth,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 seeing how everyone was just praising Ruth, something inside me flipped.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}like seriously, celebrating that she joined the cheer squad, uhm incase you all haven\uc0{\u8217}t noticed i passed my standard exams,\uc0{\u8221} i screamed,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 mom and dad just rolled their eyes and went on to enjoy the party, i was so angry so i went out to get some fresh air.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 that\uc0{\u8217}s when i saw the cutest guy at school, frank, he was the talk of the school since he was a new student, ooh my gosh i lost my breathe when he turned and smiled at me,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}roby right\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} he asked,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} ye yes i stammered,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} i saw how you went full on crazy about the party, i guess you are a nerd\uc0{\u8221} he said}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 i was about to get furious at him for calling me a nerd but,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} i love nerds, you could call me a nerd too,\uc0{\u8221} he added.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 i smiled shyly as we walked back to the party and i had forgotten how angry i was.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the next day at school frank was in my class, he smiled at me as i went to sit behind him,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 frank and i became so close and we would have lunch together , go to the library and studied together because just like me he wanted the scholarship as bad, so we wished each other luck for the winner, as time went by Ruth got so angry each time she saw me with frank, she would get so furious that one day at home she told me frank had approached her, i was so angry at her for going that low all because frank chose me and not her,\uc0{\u160} pushed her out of my room,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}i can not believe you stooped that low all because you are not the center of attention for once, \uc0{\u8221}i screamed at her and banged my door behind me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the next day i woke up late and reached quite late to school and everyone seemed to be staring at me, i was so clueless and nervous, my friend Rita sked me to enter the chemistry lab and when i did i saw Ruth and frank arguing i went so fast towards them and frank said,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}oh Roby thank goodness you are here, your sister is crazy she tried to kiss me and i refused so she slapped me,\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 without thinking twice i slapped Ruth so hard, \uc0{\u8221} i hate you Ruth, never speak to me again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 for days Ruth tried to talk to me but i refused and gave her a deaf ear, with all the thoughts about Ruth ad frank i could concentrate in class and i knew I was not going to get the scholarship anymore.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the day we went to pick our reports I was shocked that i had fully failed my exams, I was in shock i rushed to the class teacher to proof check my papers again but he told me I had not submitted most of the tests that were given to us, I was in disbelief because I had submitted my tests fully, whilst in shock I saw frank at the door with a grin on his face,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}hahaha you are so dumb and easy, I fooled you and tricked you by pretending to be in\uc0{\u160} love with you just so I could get the scholarship,\uc0{\u8221} he laughed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 that\uc0{\u8217}s when it hit me , frank was a snake and the absolute worst. i was ready to punch him when i saw someone grab him from the back, it was Ruth,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}my sister deserved that scholarship and not you idiot, you will pay for this\uc0{\u8221} she swung at him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was shocked that my sister had tried to wan me and I had refused to listen to her yet all she wanted to do was help me,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}stop Ruth he is not worth it, lets go home\uc0{\u8221} I said to Ruth,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 she let go of him and came to hug me and I hugged her tightly back and we went home,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was so sad and depressed for the next days that my parents decided to take us to the restaurant that we were banned from shockingly we weren\uc0{\u8217}t banned anymore, we ordered what to eat and before I knew it Ruth squeezed the ketchup on me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Ruth, you will pay for this\uc0{\u8221} I said as I got up and picked a ketchup bottle to squeeze at Ruth.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}oh yeah. show me what you got\uc0{\u8221} she replied laughing loudly,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 we squeezed ketchup on each other and went crazy together as our parents laughed so loud, dad ended up paying small damages and we were banned again, but I did not mind his time and I was happy o be with my sister and parents,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 our relationship changed so much onwards and we grew to love and respect each other.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 it takes a hard time to know the people that actually love you truly.}}\par
\sect
}