{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy16\hr07\min24\sec29}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy16\hr07\min24\sec29}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The following is part of a series of stories from an elderly in my community describing his experiences as a soldier in the Zimbabwean army. This is oral tradition hence the detail may not fully represent the facts. Please also note that some names have been altered.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was in 1997, when I was still serving in the Zimbabwean national army. I was part of the 5th brigade, one that had been trained by Chinese nationals and had adopted the name Gukurahundi, not from the genocide as the name is popularly known. Zimbabwe had just received news that Kabila, the president of Zaire which is modern day Democratic Republic of Congo had been assassinated hence his son, Joseph Kabila had been put in to stand for him till the next leader had been sworn in. A civil war broke which was between the Zaire rebels supported by some nationals from Rwanda and Burundi against the DRC national army which was under Joseph Kabila. Joseph had appealed to Robert Mugabe, the president of Zimbabwe at that time, to send in reinforcements from Zimbabwe of which he had done. Robert Mugabe as commander in chief of the Zimbabwean National Army had send in 1 Commando troops as well as a paratrooper to assist the DRC army in fighting the rebels. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was around that time that news came saying 1 Commando had been ambushed at a four kilometer peg by the rebels. Some soldiers had been killed and the paratrooper shot down . Some managed to flee and stayed hidden in the fields of the nearby villages eating raw mealies and cassava. The Zimbabwean army was then asked to send a mission to rescue the soldiers that had been ambushed. The sixth brigade was\uc0{\u160} consulted first. This consisted of civil servants, teachers, nurses and people from other professions who had been enlisted to serve in the army. At this time we would witness planes and helicopters coming back from DRC with coffins and injured soldiers. The sixth brigade, because they were inexperienced, were afraid to embark on a mission to rescue members of 1 Commando and the paratrooper. It was then decided that they send the fifth brigade, which was more experienced, trained and superior to 1 commando to do the rescue mission. This saw me on a plane to the democratic republic of Congo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We arrived in Kinshasa towards the evening. The\uc0{\u160} city was very quiet. This was not according to what I had imagined. I had thought that we would be welcomed by gunfire on all corners of the city with smoke sprouting in the air\uc0{\u160} from bombs that would have been detonated. At least it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t raining at that time. I feared the tropical climate would trigger a wave of malaria that had struck 1 Commamdo. We had heard that most of its members were suffering from cerebral malaria as they had been stuck in the bush for more than two weeks. We spent the night at the airport which is where we set out first base. Nothing took place during that evening and I was happy to be alive that morning.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 During that morning we went on parade. One of the remote commanders of 1 Commando came to speak to us that morning.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Who is commanding the fifth brigade?\uc0{\u8221} He asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I am,\uc0{\u8221} Captain Mashiri answered with a voice that lacked confidence.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} You seem to be shivering. If you cannot command these men please get off from there and we put someone who can. We won\uc0{\u8217}t strip you off your rank Captain.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No, I can.\uc0{\u8221} Mashiri answered.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} Yes, so act like it because we don\uc0{\u8217}t want you to lead these men into jeopardy. Do you understand me?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mashiri nodded. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}To the rest of the soldiers, do you know what you have come to do?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}To rescue one commando!\uc0{\u8221} We answered.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Which type of rifle would you want us to give you?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Chorus answers came from the group but most of us preferred the\uc0{\u8230} \uc0{\u8220} Should we send you with a helicopter?\uc0{\u8221} He asked. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No, we will use road alone for the initial minutes,\uc0{\u8221} we answered.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} You have said that alone, I did not put words in your mouth.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} Do you want the helicopter after ten minutes?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No!\uc0{\u8221} We answered.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Twenty?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At this time we knew that the gun barrel would be red hot hence that\uc0{\u8217}s where we asked for helicopter assistance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s alright. You will be dropped at certain stations as we approach the ambush. The driver is not supposed to turn off the engine. Should that happen, please shoot him in the head.\uc0{\u8221} We nodded.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After the parade we loaded ourselves and everything we needed into the vehicles and the convoy set off for the ambush. The first group was dropped and we were the last to get off the vehicles. We were asked to spread out. We formed an arc in the bush surrounding one wing of the ambush area. I was up at the start of the line as we moved slowly towards our troops without firing a single bullet. Word has it that the rebels received a call from Kinshasa.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}They have sent in the fifth brigade. Do not engage. These men are dangerous and are controlled remotely by Mugabe himself. Should they get an order, you definitely will not be spared. Rather quietly evacuate the ambush area\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We closed in and arrived where our troops were taking cover without even opening fire. Men had hair grown up such that you wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t even recognise them. Some were sick from malaria considering they had been standing in swamps locked in and not able to move. Food had been scarce causing the men to resort to stealing from fields in the nearby villages. We stayed these for three extra months surviving on minimal resources as we were evacuating the area and making sure it was safe for extraction.}}\par
\sect
}