{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy02\hr15\min35\sec24}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy02\hr15\min35\sec24}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Back in 2015, my uncle, Mustapha who owned a construction company, won a significant contract to clear land for a new road. The project was a big deal for him and required a lot of labour and time. As soon as he secured the contract, he invited me over. I was quite excited, thinking that he wanted me to work on the project and gain some hands-on experience in construction. However, his intentions were quite different from what I had assumed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I arrived, my uncle showed me the project site. The land was vast, and it was evident that a lot of work needed to be done. Despite my initial assumptions, he didn\uc0{\u8217}t involve me directly in the project. Instead, he just showed me around and asked me to stay with him for a while. I was a bit puzzled but didn\uc0{\u8217}t think much of it. I was grateful for the opportunity to be around my uncle and learn about his business.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 During my stay, something strange began to happen. Every evening, around 8 PM, I would suddenly feel incredibly sleepy. It was as if an overwhelming fatigue would wash over me, and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t keep my eyes open. No matter how hard I tried to stay awake, I would fall into a deep sleep almost instantly. This was unusual for me because I had never experienced such tiredness before.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Every morning, I would wake up feeling exhausted, as if I had been working all night. My uncle would come to check on me and ask how I had slept, and my aunt would encourage me to eat a hearty breakfast. Despite the rest, my energy levels remained low, and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t understand why. Sometimes, my uncle would take me to the project site to see the progress. He would show me the workers clearing the land and managing the heavy machinery. I enjoyed these visits, but something didn\uc0{\u8217}t feel right.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a week, my uncle told me that I could return home. He gave me some money for transportation and a little extra as a token of appreciation. Although his project seemed to be progressing well, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t shake off the fatigue and the unsettling feeling I had experienced throughout my stay.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I returned home, I told my mom everything that had happened. I explained how I had felt unusually tired and ill during my visit. My mom listened intently and then expressed her suspicions. She said, \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t trust your dad\uc0{\u8217}s brother. There\uc0{\u8217}s something off about all of this.\uc0{\u8221} Her instincts told her that something was wrong, and she decided to consult a witch doctor for guidance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next day, we visited the witch doctor. My mom was visibly anxious and worried. The witch doctor performed a ritual and used a special mirror to reveal the truth. What we saw left me speechless. The mirror showed an image of myself and eight other men working on my uncle\uc0{\u8217}s project site from midnight to 3 AM. We were moving dirt and clearing the land in our sleep, completely unaware of what was happening. It was as if we had been bewitched to labour for my uncle during the night.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was devastated. The realization that my uncle had used some dark magic to exploit me was heart-wrenching. I felt betrayed by someone I trusted and considered family. My parents were furious and decided to confront my uncle about his deceitful actions.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When my mom and dad confronted him, he didn\uc0{\u8217}t deny anything. Instead, he calmly said, \uc0{\u8220}Here is his payment for the work he did.\uc0{\u8221} His lack of remorse was shocking. My parents took the payment, but it didn\uc0{\u8217}t change the fact that my uncle had taken advantage of me in such a sinister way.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From that day on, the relationship between our families was severed. My uncle\uc0{\u8217}s betrayal created a rift that was impossible to mend. We stopped speaking to each other, and the bond we once shared was broken. The experience taught me a harsh lesson about trust and the lengths some people will go to for their own gain. It\uc0{\u8217}s a chapter of my life that I will never forget and a reminder that not everyone has good intentions, even those we consider family.}}\par
\sect
}