{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy15\hr09\min35\sec49}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy15\hr09\min35\sec49}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 About a year ago, my cousin Sifa was staying with her elder sister and her husband during the holidays because she was back from school. One day my cousin\uc0{\u8217}s husband started touching my little cousin and wanted to rape her. She was only 17 years of age. My cousin was intelligent enough to run to the neighbour and told them what happened for her to run away from her elder sister\uc0{\u8217}s house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The neighbour called my elder cousin and explained everything to her. She told the neighbour that she was coming. Two hours later, my elder cousin showed up with her husband at the neighbour\uc0{\u8217}s place. Surprisingly, they came with her stuff saying that she must leave their house because she was seducing her husband and now trying to ruin their marriage.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While handling her belongings to her, she was shouting at her and told everyone at that house that my little cousin wanted to ruin her marriage. She said that my little cousin brought witchcraft to sleep with her husband but thanks to her prayers her husband resisted. She kept saying that my little cousin was spreading lies. With the way I knew her, she can\uc0{\u8217}t be that person who is able to spread that kind of lies to people. As for me, I believe that my little cousin was saying the truth.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since my little cousin is like my best friend, she called me on phone and explained everything to me. She told me that she has vowed to never talk to her elder sister again and never set foot in her house. The funny thing is, my older cousin has tried to text her young sister several times without saying sorry but just checking on her as the elder sister. But my little cousin decided to ignore text messages all the time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Just few weeks ago, my elder cousin sent me a WhatsApp message telling me that her husband tried to force himself on her friend when she just stepped out of the house. I then told her that now she has to apologies to her little sister since her husband is not a good person. The whole family misjudged her in the first place but now, they have heard another scandal which means that my cousin was saying the truth. My elder cousin is trying to beg me to make her little sister forgive her but I told her that she should find a way to do it herself. I am also angry at her for not believing her younger sister and making the whole family believe that my cousin was trying to ruin her marriage.}}\par
\sect
}