{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy27\hr15\min31\sec22}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy27\hr15\min31\sec22}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tasha and her husband Anthony lived in the big city of Kampala. Tasha was a hardworking woman that made it to the top through her hardwork. She owned a company of clothe making industry that manufactured both men and women\uc0{\u8217}s outfit. Where as Anthony was a village man that she fell in love with and got married too. They both seemed so much in love till one day when Tasha got into an accident. That day, Tasha\uc0{\u8217}s life changed for the worst. She found out that her husband had been seeing another woman behind her back. As if that wasn\uc0{\u8217}t enough. Anthony decided to bring the other woman into their matrimonial home without caring what his wife would think or react just because she was paralyzed and couldn\uc0{\u8217}t walk due to the accident. The other woman was called Nancy and she was younger than Tasha and more beautiful with a beautiful body too. She was every man\uc0{\u8217}s dream.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Anthony who is this woman?\uc0{\u8221} Tasha asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Can you shut up and stop calling my wife this woman. Well she\uc0{\u8217}s Nancy the new lady of the house. You are crippled and useless right now. She\uc0{\u8217}s my new wife now. Well Nancy please come in and make yourawlf comfortable in your new home please.\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} Anthony replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Thanks my love. Nancy replied as she pushed Tasha who is on a wheel chair aside. And went into the bedroom that Anthony\uc0{\u8217}s and Tasha would sleep in and collected everything that belonged to Tasha and took it to the guest room.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the other hand, Anthony and Tasha were left into the sitting room urguing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You didn\uc0{\u8217}t love me did you? You were just after my money and everything I could offer you right. Your so disgusting Anthony. Tasha bitterly spoke.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Just take a look at you, who would want to stay committed to a ugly person like you. You don\uc0{\u8217}t even reach my standards. Well that woman in the bedroom right there is my wife now. And she\uc0{\u8217}s the woman of my dreams. Get used to that idea.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Well I want to live this house for you and your new wife.\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}You must be out of your mind if you think I would just let you go just like that. You think I don\uc0{\u8217}t know that I if I allow you out of this place, you will just run straight to the police and get me arrested for keeping you hear out of your will and taking control of your assets without your permission. You must be a fool of you think I would be that stupid. Just stay there in that wheel chair quietly.\uc0{\u8221} Anthony shouted so angrily and walked away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tasha remained crying and unable to do anything. She just had to watch what was going on in her own house and keep quiet.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anthony who wanted to treat Nancy like a queen brought in a house help to carry out the house chores so Nancy would just seat like a queen in the house as they lived off of Tasha\uc0{\u8217}s money.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Your job is very simple here. First of, you have to mind your business. If I see you talking to that crippled woman over there I will suck you. So don\uc0{\u8217}t make that mistake. Secondly, you have to do everything that my wife Nancy tells you without any complaints. Lastly hope you know that all the house chores in this house is on you. Well, we are done here. You can start your work. Said Anthony and then left.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}