{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy07\hr07\min58\sec41}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy07\hr07\min58\sec41}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nadia\uc0{\u8217}s cry}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother Nadia was a young woman living with my father Sabit and my sister Dorcas in South Sudan a war-torn country. Life had been difficult for us, but we had always managed to find a way to survive. However, one day our home was destroyed in an air raid. We lost everything. A home and a purpose to live. We were forced to flee to a neighboring country Kenya as refugees. I was 4 years by then. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Life in the refugee camp was tough, but Sabit, was determined to provide for our family. He found work as a laborer and did his best to make ends meet. However, as time went on, Sabit became increasingly frustrated and angry. He resented having to live in the camp and blamed Nadia for our situation. Sabit became an alcoholic because he lost hope. He got lost in his feelings and the poverty we were going through. Everything he touched wasn\uc0{\u8217}t yielding a thing. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One night, Sabit came home drunk and forced himself on Nadia. I was asleep and was woken up by the cry of my mother. I went to their room and found the door locked. I tried to open but I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t able to. She tried to fight him off, but he was too strong. When it was over, Nadia was left feeling violated and alone. She knew she had to do something, but she didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what exactly she is supposed to do.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next day, Nadia went to a local aid organization and told them what had happened. They provided her with medical care and counseling, and helped her file for divorce from Sabit. It was a difficult decision, but Nadia knew she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t stay with a man who had treated her so cruelly. On top of that my father never appreciated Nadia in any way. Most of the times he could abuse her and blame her for everything happening to us. Sabit never had even time for us his kids and his family too. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As a divorced woman in a conservative society, My mother Nadia faced many challenges that made her life already difficult circumstances even more challenging. In our culture, divorced women are stigmatized and viewed as outcasts. My siblings and I were discriminated by other children in the community. Even in school it was difficult for us to learn well because we didn\uc0{\u8217}t even have a conducive environment to do so. Therefore, it was difficult for Nadia to form social connections and receive support from others in the community. She also experienced anxiety and depression. My mother could cry the whole night. She struggled to find work and provide for us on her own but with the help of the aid organization, she was able to get back on her feet.}}\par
\sect
}