{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy22\hr17\min06\sec30}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy22\hr17\min06\sec30}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nato was sleeping in his bedroom angry, sick, and active at the same time. He was losing weight sweating all day and losing appetite. He thought his wife was cheating on him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Why do you think I\uc0{\u8217}m a cheater when I\uc0{\u8217}m trying to keep this marriage alive?\uc0{\u8221} Tsitsi, his wife would answer angrily too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nato was a war veteran, a celebrated combatant in The Republic of Sao\uc0{\u8217}s armed war against German colonialism. As soon as the war was over, Nato along with fellow combatants were quickly absorbed into the new nation\uc0{\u8217}s army. The soldiers like Nato were rough. They knew no decency nor observed any human rights. The Sao government would deploy soldiers like Nato to border towns to guard against sporadic rebels that the Germans set loose on the new nation. Nato and his fellow combatants would sleep in grey tents and feasting on tinned beef that commanders dropped by lorry weekly. Nato and his soldiers would summon young women in the village where they camped for months, ask them to fetch buckets of water for the grey tent barracks and give them tins of beef as a reward or bed them after tempting them with money and tinned beef. Nato and his fellow soldiers were prolific in matters to do with illicit sex and drinking. There were no condoms manufactured during those years and self-control was little thought of in interactions between soldiers and some local ladies.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You bewitched me, gave me this sickness. If I ever recover I want divorce!\uc0{\u8221} Nato would shout at Tsitsi, much to the bemusement of the whole Moyo household who had given their cousin Nato a room at the hour of his intense but mysterious sickness. Nato was convinced that Tsitsi had visited a witch doctor and ruined his life so that if he died, she could inherit his army pension. Nato drank no pills but was determined to gain some strength and visit his witch doctor and disrupt the spell that he thought Tsitsi his wife had levied on him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how I wronged Nato. Is feeding him, bathing him, ironing his camouflage, bringing him warm water daily bewitching him?\uc0{\u8221} Tsitsi would cry in front of Makazi, Nato\uc0{\u8217}s aunt.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Sick soldiers are unsound in mind, don\uc0{\u8217}t mind Nato,\uc0{\u8221} Makazi would console him. \uc0{\u8220}Go \uc0{\u8211} bring his evening okra soup\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tsitsi decked a bowl of warm okra soup on her head, balancing it gracefully as she opened the door of their bedroom to feed Nato who had remained bedridden for two months.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}My love, your favorite warm okra soup,\uc0{\u8221} she said kneeling to feed her sick husband whose forehead was soaked in relentless sweat even on the June winter evening.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nato summoned all his remaining strength and punched a fist into the soup bowl which scattered on the floor making the whole scene slippery. \uc0{\u8216}I won\uc0{\u8217}t eat a portion from a witch,\uc0{\u8221} he shouted pushing back his wife.}}\par
\sect
}