{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy24\hr12\min01\sec30}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy24\hr12\min01\sec30}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In 2020, I was a young lady that had just started formal employment in a financial institution in Kampala, Uganda. I was proud of my ability to provide for myself and my family as I was able to make ends meet with the salary from my workplace. \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}Alas, COVID-19 hit Kampala in March 2020. It was a nail biting situation as panic and desperation turned in to the unimaginable. My workplace put in place Standard Operating Procedures that were to be strictly adhered to like social distancing, use of sanitizer and wearing masks. The initial stages of adaptation to this kind of working environment were tough to cope up with.It was not long before the president also put into place stringent measures to prevent the rapid spread of the virus that had escalated in most of the countries around the world. Mass gathering were suspended, arriving passengers at the airport were quarantined, public transport was shut down, land borders were closed except for cargo trucks, curfew was adopted from 07:00 pm to 06:30 am and subsequently schools were closed. It was hard to adapt to this new lifestyle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kampala city which was once a bustling and vibrant city had now become a ghost town. The streets that were once filled with honking cars and busy road side markets were now empty, except for the occasional healthcare workers and police officers who had to continue diligently in the execution of their duties. The COVID-19 pandemic had hit Uganda so hard and its impact on the lives of Ugandans was significant, particularly for those working in the city.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As cases kept surging, the head of state declared a nationwide lock down one week after the first case of COVID-19 had been reported as the cases were rapidly increasing day by day yet the country was not prepared for this kind of health emergency as the health facilities could not accommodate the multitudes of patients that had contracted the virus.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The transition of working from office to working from home was not an easy one for me as I struggled to remain focused and found it extremely hard separating my work life from home life. The lines between the two blurred, and I found myself working longer hours than I usually did. This was also the time I had to get used to online zoom meetings, a thing that I had never experienced together with online collaborations that would later become the norm. At this stage of my career, I had worked my way up from being a customer service representative to becoming a loans officer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However, things started changing with regards to my clients that I had disbursed loans to. Many were in difficult situations financially that could not guarantee them having consistent cash flows. As a result of that, most of my clients that had loan obligations became defaulters and failed to pay back the money they had acquired from the bank. This went on for some time and my client\uc0{\u8217}s portfolio was really bad and deteriorating with each day that went by.In November 2020, I was called into a meeting with my supervisor and the human resources manager and I was informed that they were reducing the headcount in my department and I was one of the eight people that had not made the cut to retain my job. I had been laid off! I was so devastated and literally froze and my feet and hands went numb. Thoughts about \uc0{\u8220}what next?\uc0{\u8221}, \uc0{\u8220}how?\uc0{\u8221}, \uc0{\u8220}why?\uc0{\u8221} were lingering in my mind. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what to do next. Losing my job meant losing my financial security and the ability to support myself and my family. I struggled to pay my rent and bills and was also unable to afford basic necessities like food and medicine with time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I spent months looking for work, but with so many businesses still closed or struggling it became a tug of war finding a new job. I tried to start my own small business, selling handmade crafts using some money I had borrowed from a friend. However, this did not generate enough income to support my family.Despite of the fact that I was financially struggling and felt like giving up all the time, I kept pushing on and searching for jobs each day that passed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With time the lockdown and restrictions were lifted and my small business started to make profits and experience steady growth. I continued to work harder and my customer base grew exponentially. I was then able to hire a few employees in 2022 to help me out with the business as we were now making products in larger numbers. Most of these new hires I got had also been laid off from their previous workplaces as a result of the pandemic. With the business stable, I could now look for a steady job to supplement this source of income and luckily a new bank opened up in Kampala and it was looking for someone with expertise in credit services. I applied for the role and was offered the job.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was overjoyed to have a steady income flow once again and was delighted that I had also started my own business. I have continued to run my business on the side and even expanded it by opening up a physical store in my local community.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Looking back, I realize that the pandemic taught me a number of valuable lessons. Most of them still resound in my mind. I learnt the importance of being adaptable and resilient during tough times in addition to appreciating the small things in life that usually mean a lot like spending time with my family. The pandemic was a difficult time for me but I managed to get through it as I had to rise to the occasion and keep my chin held high. With this determination, I was able to make it through the pandemic and I came out stronger and more focused than before with an even better income flow.}}\par
\sect
}