{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy04\hr19\min17\sec37}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy04\hr19\min17\sec37}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In 2021, my brother Nyabenda working in Thyolo district. While there, he started a relationship with a young woman in the month of October. During that month, he slept with her without protection twice. In November, he also slept with her again but this time around, they used protection. In December, when it was time for him to travel back to hone, Nyabenda took the young woman to her home because her parents knew about their relationship, and he intended to marry her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the day she visited him, he didn\uc0{\u8217}t sleep with her because she was on her period, but she spent the night at his house and left in the morning. After that, Nyabenda left Thyolo in December without sleeping with her again and returned to home. They continued to stay in touch by phone, both the young woman and her mother, from December until June 2022.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The surprising thing happened in June when Nyabenda received a call from the young woman\uc0{\u8217}s uncle, saying that she was pregnant. Nyabenda was confused and tried to explain his side of the story, but they insisted that the girl was naming him as the father. They threatened to have him arrested if he didn\uc0{\u8217}t come and marry her. When Nyabenda called the girl and her mother, they both claimed that the pregnancy was his and that it was already six months along. Nyabenda was shocked because, in December, he hadn\uc0{\u8217}t slept with her, and in November, he had used protection. Additionally, she had her monthly period without any issues.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Fearing legal trouble, my brother decided to go there. When he arrived and asked the girl, she insisted that the child was his, and her parents supported her claim. Even though Nyabenda explained that he hadn\uc0{\u8217}t slept with her before leaving, they didn\uc0{\u8217}t believe him. Worried about being arrested, Nyabenda married her and stayed for two weeks, during which he did sleep with her. Afterward, he told them he needed to find money and would return. They continued to communicate by phone until she gave birth in October 2022. Nyabenda only went to see the child once, and after that, he cut ties and hasn\uc0{\u8217}t returned since.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What\uc0{\u8217}s surprising now is that many of Nyabenda\uc0{\u8217}s friends from that area have been calling him, saying that the child looks a lot like him in every way. He\uc0{\u8217}s now wondering if it\uc0{\u8217}s possible for a child who isn\uc0{\u8217}t his to resemble him just because he married the child\uc0{\u8217}s mother. I then advised my brother to go and have the child tested at the hospital secretly without informing the wife. My brother went back and apologized for not being reachable and lied the phone go damaged and got it fixed. When he went to test the child, he found that it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t his. Until now, my brother decided to leave Thyolo for good and his wife will never hear from him.}}\par
\sect
}