{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy25\hr17\min14\sec20}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy25\hr17\min14\sec20}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Never Give Up}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dzaleka Refugee Camp is a home to more than 50 000 refugees and asylum seekers from Democratic Republic of the Congo, Burundi, Rwanda, Ethiopia and Somalia. The camp was built in 1994 to secure the people who fled different violences in the countries mentioned above. Its capacity was to accommodate a number of 12 000 but seeing the continuation of violences in those countries, the camp has reached a very bigger number of refugees and asylum seekers than its capacity. It is located in Dowa District, Central Region at a distance of 43.7 km in the North part of Lilongwe City. The congestion of people at the camp has raised many discussions that have involved external and internal partners in different meetings to find solutions to the matter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As a result of the meetings, they decided to find another place in the country in order to relocate some of the refugees and asylum seekers, the thing that is still in process. In addition, they mentioned providing quick responses to the refugees already in very critical situations including sick people whose diseases need to be treated abroad. And from this quick response plan, Yoshua who was suffering from Sickle Cell disease, got the favour to be taken abroad together with her mother who was abandoned by her husband because of Yoshua\uc0{\u8217}s disease that made them spend all their money for treatment without positive change. This pushed the husband to leave the camp for Mozambique where he got married before being imprisoned because living illegally in the country.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One evening when I was taking a rest at my neighbour\uc0{\u8217}s place, my neighbour whose name was Gadi started telling me the story about Mr Sadiki, his wife Rehema and his son Yoshua. Sadiki was a refugee from the Democratic Republic of the Congo who got married to his wife Rehema. After one year of their marriage, they happened to give birth to a boy child called Yoshua. This one had the problem of blood shortage that, later on, the medical report revealed Sickle Cell as his disease. Before knowing this, the parents used to buy some medicine at local drug stores within the camp and later on, could go with him to private clinics at the camp. They decided to buy their own medicine or go to private clinics rather than going to government health centres because of some reasons among them, slower services and inappropriate treatment.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When Mr Sadiki realised that they were unable to continue taking the son to private clinics and knew the exact problem of the son and its complications, he therefore decided to leave his family for Mozambique. Arriving there, he married another wife and three months later, the police arrested him for failing to provide the documents allowing him to stay in the country. This resulted in being imprisoned for 7 years from the year 2020.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the side of Rehema who stayed alone with her son, she also decided to turn towards the government health centre based in the camp. This one also referred the patient to a district Hospital called Dowa Hospital for further treatment. Being at Dowa Hospital, the doctors also discovered the gravity of the disease until they also referred the patient to Kamuzu Central Hospital in Lilongwe City for further treatment again. However they went to the Central Hospital of the country, Yoshua\uc0{\u8217}s problem persisted and his situation became worse and worse. Seeing that Kamuzu Central Hospital has the authorization to refer a patient abroad through UNHCR, they finally wrote a medical report to the UNHCR doctor about Yoshua\uc0{\u8217}s problem for help and this also resulted in taking him to Sweden for treatment as his problem was part of the cases requiring quick response. Then, the UNHCR office, through its protection office, invited Yoshua and his family for a protection assessment. Being the office, the mother explained how the husband left them for Mozambique because of the son\uc0{\u8217}s problem and this showed how much Yoshua\uc0{\u8217}s case needed a help. Finally, Rehema and her son went to Sweden for treatment and as their resettlement.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}