{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy29\hr04\min25\sec18}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy29\hr04\min25\sec18}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I didn\uc0{\u8217}t mean to slap the learner. In my defense, she had started making noise since the first period had begun and I got sick of it. I had given her a few verbal warnings but she would not listen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} Would you keep quiet please!\uc0{\u8221} I roared at the top of my lungs.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The voice sounded strong and authoritative just like they had trained us at the teacher training college. The class went quiet like a cemetery except for the girl who was still blabbering amidst the class. I was giving notes for Agriculture on the chalkboard which was half damaged due to old age. It had a million potholes. I had to dodge them each time to write a sentence. Damn public schools.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The class had little ventilation; you could barely make anything of the learners\uc0{\u8217} faces in the gloom, only their large eyes and unbrushed teeth. There was gravel where there used to be a cemented floor. The desks were few and not enough for every child like in neighboring schools. Other learners sat their bottoms down on cold gravel for seven solid hours. A few learners had the privilege to sit on desks that were too old and dodgy. Everything at the school was old except for me. I was still new to the teaching profession. I had arrived the previous term to complete a six-month teaching practice and I was already exhausted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The annoying voice of the noisy student brought me back to that hell hole. The learner was lost in her glory, unconcerned about what I had commanded the class. She gloated to her friends about the new shoe her father bought her from Boma. It was a pair of new black leather shoes with geometric shapes lined above the quarter. It had a butterfly with short wings on top. The shoes should have cost a fortune because they were stunning. I did not care about her rich dad or her shoes for what mattered. What got me angry was that she was disturbing my lesson. The rest of the girls on row number five crowded her like flies on a dead rat.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} Grace Chibwana, did you not understand what I just said eh?\uc0{\u8221} I asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To my surprise, she did not even bulge or turn to face me. She continued talking to her friends, unwavered. They were now staring at her then at me then back at her, open-mouthed. Involuntarily I yelled at the top of my voice from the depths of my chest, the roar of a beast.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} EHEM GRACE! I AM TALKING TO YOU. DO YOU USE YOUR NOSE FOR HEARING?\uc0{\u8221} I bellowed in rage and the class broke into laughter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Instead of answering me, she just sucked her teeth. I don\uc0{\u8217}t remember how I got to her desk. I only recall giving her cheeks two enormous whacks. To my surprise again she did not even bother to cry. Her face had one huge sneer and disgust written all over it. She stared at me with rage, as if to grab my tie and my face and have a go at it. The rest of the class was laughing and I almost chuckled. I turned back to the chalkboard and resumed writing. I was so furious at the moment that my fingers gripped the chalk I was writing with so hard, and the poor thing broke. I went to pick another piece of chalk at the window sill since there were no tables in the godforsaken classrooms.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A minute had not passed before I got hit by a huge splash of water from the back. The surprise attack almost sent me jumping in the air in shock. The class got into a thousand hysterics. I turned to where the splash bomb had come from. Grace Chibwana stood at the doorstep, in her hands a green half-broken bucket with a mosquito net string for carrying. It was written G6C meaning Grade Six C. The water stung when it hit me and it had a funny odor. That was the least of my problems because the tablet I was copying the notes from had fallen down on the gravel. It had a million arcs and cracks on the screen. My anger had exceeded endurance. How had she sneaked behind my back and fetched water this instant? Plus the school borehole was a hundred meters away from my class Grade Six C. As I was still pondering the question, It occurred to me that she had taken the water from the storeroom reserved for the noise makers who were going to mop the toilets. All my clothes were wet including my leather shoes, the ones my grandfather had given to me as a parting gift last semester. Crap!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} RUN! RUN! RUN!\uc0{\u8221} sang the whole class. They were right, she had to make a run for it. This was the worst offense in the book of pupil crimes, assaulting a teacher. Back in my primary school days, you would even get suspended for talking back to a teacher.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I don\uc0{\u8217}t believe this generation and its child protection policies.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They have given too many rights to the children to the extent they are forgetting their place. Back in the day if a teacher made a verdict that you were at fault you didn\uc0{\u8217}t have anything to say.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I sent two strong boys after Grace. She was a great racer. She used to play in the school netball team thus a small marathon wasnt news to her. The boys had caught up with her when she tripped over and fell into a ditch near the borehole. She was covered in mud and looked more messed up than I did. I instructed the boys to take her to the headmaster\uc0{\u8217}s office and the rest of the students ran from their classes to spectate the drama. She was a strong girl barely a year younger than me. This is normal in most village schools in Malawi as they normally begin school later than recommended. I ended my class and headed for the office with a multitude of learners from G6C at my back singing \uc0{\u8220} Washosha Njuchi Grace \uc0{\u8221}. Which means you have messed with the beehive Grace, deal with it!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The headmaster\uc0{\u8217}s office was clean and well-ventilated, unlike our classes. The floor had tiles and the walls looked freshly painted with gray paint. There were models of skeletons, globes, houses, and even a real microscope. The wall was covered with drawings from various learning areas. There were books everywhere, and it was hard to turn without bumping into mathematics or English study materials. I wondered how all the stuff was contained in such a tight space. There were displays of various things in the office. There were a couple of pictures of the school, some new and some as old as time, hanging on the wall. One picture caught my attention. It was of a teacher in a pair of short trousers and a tie teaching the hell out of learners. Those days learners knew what a teacher was, their parents, guide and counselor. They had respect for him regardless of who he was. They loved their teachers, those precious souls. They would bring many gifts to the teachers. I have been told by my father what being a teacher meant in the outskirts back in the days. \uc0{\u8220} A teacher was a god and a king,\uc0{\u8221} he used to say. If the villagers were nice enough they would even offer you a beautiful girl to bear children for you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s a souvenir of those glorious days\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My daydream faded back into the depths of my crowd of thoughts and was brought to the present when the headmaster spoke. When he did, I confused it with background voices in my head.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} Yes, yes those tremendous days of retired warriors \uc0{\u8221} I responded and he smiled at my sense of humor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} Reminds me of our issue here, what happened in your class Otaniel?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I explained to the headmaster about the incident earlier. He was paying attention to whatever I was saying. Not because it mattered just that he enjoyed it when I was explaining myself. He was in his late 60s and had a bald head with gray patches here and there. His eyes bore into mine and I stared straight into his. As my father always said, \uc0{\u8216} always maintain eye contact when talking to your superiors to show respect.\uc0{\u8217} His small eyes still had a fire in them. The one our forefathers used to fight the colonizers off this rock. He was still strong, must have been the milk his ancestors had breastfed him, the elixir from mother nature herself that\uc0{\u8217}s still coursing through his veins. He had worked with my grandfather at a young age at a school not far from here. He took me like a son rather than a trainee. I continued my narrative and he winced at the part where my student threw a bucket of water at me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} She did that \uc0{\u8221} It was more of a statement than a question. I loved him, he was nice not like the other teachers here. They hated me because I was dear to the headmaster. He was family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We agreed to call the parents of Grace the following day to talk about their daughter\uc0{\u8217}s insolent behavior and how to eradicate it. Rumors said that Grace never went home after classes. She was in a serious relationship with a truck driver from Boma.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} She always brings new things and biscuits every day from that old man,\uc0{\u8221} said one of her closest friends who was now crumpled on a chair on the other side of the room. Next to her sat the culprit unconcerned and unmoved by the testimony. That explained her rude behavior, she thought she must have seen it all. The headmaster requested her suspension but I felt bad for her. I asked for her to be pardoned since it was more of my fault than hers, that I let emotions get hold of me. As for the parents, we agreed that they still come to discuss the welfare of their precious daughter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} Are you sure about that?\uc0{\u8221} He asked me with narrowed eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} Yes certainly,\uc0{\u8221} I replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} Alright you are dismissed,\uc0{\u8221} She said to neither Grace nor me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I was going home I went to check if my class had been mopped through the tiny holes that were windows and the door securely locked. The door was old and had holes made by rats and termites. I peeped through one of the holes and caught a glimpse of the familiar green bucket. G6C was written on it in a sketchy font with white paint, laying on the gravel unaware of my presence. \uc0{\u8220}What a day\uc0{\u8221} I whispered to myself. I was still angry that she had messed up my clothes and shoes. I wanted to make her feel my anger. I tried to smile and in an instant, I broke into laughter. No reason to be angry, it was just a bucket of water.}}\par
\sect
}