{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy06\hr21\min27\sec16}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy06\hr21\min27\sec16}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s a very exciting time for most of us who are still alive in the world. 2023, here we are! It\uc0{\u8217}s a new year and all the positive expectations and resolutions have been shouted and penned down. What\uc0{\u8217}s to expect in this brand new year? Positive things of course! That new house, that job promotion, working out routines, and good eating habits, you name it! It\uc0{\u8217}s all for grabs. We\uc0{\u8217}re all starting on a clean slate. It\uc0{\u8217}s a brand-new beginning!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We as humans are generally wired to \uc0{\u8220}reset\uc0{\u8221} at the start of anything, to redo and erase the past to start on a new leaf. That\uc0{\u8217}s magical, isn\uc0{\u8217}t it? A good time to write those wrongs. Some start with prayers and fasting in certain religions, whilst others are more ritualistic and bathe themselves in the ocean. A brilliant way to start the year right? With good omens. It\uc0{\u8217}s a blessed time for everyone. The relief it brings to know that all the old year resolutions have been canceled, and we start again, optimistic as ever to an untouched new page (the year). It\uc0{\u8217}s purely unmatched and amazing. The endless possibilities.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Some do learn from their past mistakes; mistakes made in the previous year or years and they tread on a lighter pathway. Some believe in seasons as years go by, translating to this year being a new season. Some feel like it would be the right time to get a blessing from the local \uc0{\u8220}Prophet\uc0{\u8221} so that financial gains come their way. We all have different ways in which we receive the new year. It\uc0{\u8217}s a fascinating time. We love the new year and all the hopes it brings us. We get to set it in motion again, in the way that we always wanted to, to attain a better version of ourselves in different ways.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now, this read is not to judge or to point in any biased direction, it\uc0{\u8217}s just basic subjective principles written objectively. You might be wondering what this read is about, well I\uc0{\u8217}ll tell you now, it\uc0{\u8217}s about expectations vs reality. It\uc0{\u8217}s the David and Goliath analogy once again, in the most brutal and vivid way. The truth, my truth, and something that most people know and choose to ignore. It\uc0{\u8217}s a narrative about the world as we know it and the laws that govern it. There shall be no mystery to this read, or riddles, just plain facts as known. Get prepared to dive into this cake.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Same year same you! Well, that\uc0{\u8217}s the mantra for the most part of the \uc0{\u8220}new\uc0{\u8221} year if we do not set things in motion. Life moves in a continuum, the time-continuum theory states as suggested by the great Albert Einstein. As you all know, nothing changed when you got back to your bedroom after new years. The difference between Sunday and Monday is the different tasks we do on such days but both days are quite identical in the fourth dimension (time), as they both have 86400 seconds. Same applies to any other day. It\uc0{\u8217}s the same day, just a different time and date. Same applies to our new year. It\uc0{\u8217}s like last year, it\uc0{\u8217}s like the next year if we\uc0{\u8217}re still breathing. So the big question is, what brings change? Is it writing down our goals? Is it seeking a Higher power to intervene in our personal lives? Is it getting motivated to start because it\uc0{\u8217}s the start of the year? Well, we all know the answer, but in different forms. It\uc0{\u8217}s a simple word we used to love to hear when we were kids, the small word called action! Action, execution, the do word, whichever synonym that resonates with you. Work. One of my favorite online mentors, Tony Robbins says, \uc0{\u8220}Execution trumps knowledge every day of the week.\uc0{\u8221} Knowledge is very important, but without action, it\uc0{\u8217}s as good as no knowledge at all. Some say wisdom is knowledge applied, which simply means, no application, no wisdom. Ground zero, nada done. Now the obvious question would be, don\uc0{\u8217}t we all know that we need to take action for things to happen? The more obvious answer follows, \uc0{\u8220}yes we do!\uc0{\u8221} Then the big question is, then what happens?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What happens to the new year\uc0{\u8217}s resolutions that we started with? Yes, we\uc0{\u8217}re not perfect and we call can\uc0{\u8217}t meet all of them every year, it\uc0{\u8217}s unachievable for some. That\uc0{\u8217}s right. But the question we should be asking is, how can we do those previous goals right? How can we be more consistent and pull through till the end of the year? What\uc0{\u8217}s the secret formula? And again, we all know the solution/words. Action, baby steps, consistency, evaluation. In that order. Rinse. Repeat. Should I say more? I think I\uc0{\u8217}ve said it all with those words.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We need action to shift our lives in the direction that we want, consistent action. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t mention motivation. Motivation is important too, as shown by the start of the year, people have resolutions. However, it\uc0{\u8217}s not the most important, sorely because it fades with time. We need motivation to start, and we need consistency to get the job done. Consistency is mastery, execution is key. Tracking progress is equally important. The journey up the mountain starts with a simple step. Such a simple and basic statement and action, no further away from the pure truth, like God\uc0{\u8217}s voice. Let\uc0{\u8217}s focus on the simple steps, the day-to-day tasks. Rome was not built in a day nor destroyed in one as well.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lean into your goals, by making easy steps to accomplish them. A day at a time, a week at a time, a month at a time, and track that progress. Find better ways to execute, and just execute. The world belongs to those to \uc0{\u8220}just do it\uc0{\u8221} as Nike says. So let\uc0{\u8217}s do it, whether we want to or not. Quite frankly, we have to! As we promised ourselves at the start of the year to do so without feelings clouding our judgment. The end of the year would be a great time to celebrate how we attained our yearly goals and how we conquered discipline. The self-satisfaction that comes with that! It\uc0{\u8217}s too good to be true!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wish everyone a Happy New year and successful completion of those yearly goals. As said, action, baby steps, consistency, and evaluation. One can start by planning one\uc0{\u8217}s goals after writing them down to find a good starting point. It can be day-to-day or weekly (consistency to attain the goal), whatever strokes you well. And remember, step by step, ease into it. Have as many evaluations as required and restructure to attain the same goal if you\uc0{\u8217}re not satisfied with the action or consistency. Can be weekly, monthly, or quarterly. Whatever is required to accomplish the goal. We are all working progresses in pursuit of what we truly desire. The late Jet Li once said, \uc0{\u8220} I do not fear the man that has practiced 10000 kicks at once, I fear the one that has practiced one kick 10000 times!.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have a reading suggestion as well, Atomic Habits by James Clear. A good read that teaches on how to learn good habits easily or drop the bad ones.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Have a goal-accomplishing year \uc0{\u2002}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For those that have been smashing their new year\uc0{\u8217}s resolutions, sorry for wasting your time, you\uc0{\u8217}ve mastered discipline already! So it\uc0{\u8217}s new beginnings always to you, and congrats on conquering 2022!}}\par
\sect
}