{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy13\hr13\min06\sec11}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy13\hr13\min06\sec11}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 i was born in a small town in Uganda and growing up i realized my parents were a little weird and different. for starters they were always talking in whispers to each other which was so annoying and they never let me leave the house, they would not leave the house for work or groceries, a box of supplies always just arrived mysteriously every week.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 everyday dad would spend hours reading the newspaper and circling stuff on it with a red marker. once when i was four i kept asking him to pour me some milk but he kept ignoring me, so i leapt onto the table and put my feet in his bowl spilling it allover his newspaper and dad went crazy,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 oh my god do you realize what you have just done, you are such a nuisance, here take the whole box and just leave me alone, he shouted at me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 i wished i could just leave them forever, they did not even love me.\uc0{\u160} when i was five grandma came to see us once and she brought me an adorable cat, i was so happy but of course my parents were not as happy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 a pet, we already have Sofia, its already enough to take care of her, no just take the cat back please, my mother said to grandma.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 no way i screamed and ran up to my room with the cat and slammed the door shut but when i woke up in the morning it was not in my room, i looked all over the house, nothing. i just knew my parents had gotten rid of it. i screamed and cried but they still said they did not know anything.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 liars, before they could stop me i ran out the front door and i was never going back, it was a really sunny day and as i kept running my skin suddenly started turning red and itchy, i looked up at the scorching sun and my whole body began to burn.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 i cried out in pain and fainted. when i woke up i was in my bed, mum told me the doctor had been to see me and he had said i was perfectly fine.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 no that\uc0{\u8217}s not true, I\uc0{\u8217}m not fine, the doctor is dumb, the sun almost killed me, i cried out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 my parents said i was just blabbing but i knew something was up and i was not going to let them hurt me so after that i refused to let\uc0{\u160} a single ray of sunlight touch my body, not even indoors. i covered myself from tip to toe, socks , hoodies and sweat paints , only my eyes were visible.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 my parents almost fainted when they saw me roaming around the house like a little ninja. the only time i removed my costume was when the sun was gone, id never go out during the day, i even insisted on being home schooled.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 by the time i was thirteen, my parents refused to homeschool me anymore.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 there is nothing wrong with you, just go to school, my mum said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 it had been a very long time ever since i had gone out or had any social interaction with anyone else besides my parents.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 my parents enrolled me in school and i still went with my costumes, i did not realize school would be so different. everybody looked at me as a weirdo and always pointed and laughed at me, i felt very insecure. but nobody knew or understood how allergic I was to the sun.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 until one day during PE the gym teacher asked me to wear a sports wear like the rest of the class.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I can not take this off, it would kill me, I said to him with rage in my eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 in that case go to the principles office, I would like to meet your parents to clarify this Halloween that you have going on, he said to me while pointing at the gym door for my exit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I ran out crying, why didn\uc0{\u8217}t anyone understand that I could die if I was exposed to the sun. that day I went back home and asked my parents to take me to the hospital and I told them what had happened at school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the next day mum drove me to the hospital to get some scans and speak to the doctor. that\uc0{\u8217}s when I realized I had an allergy called SOLAR URTICARIA and it was extreme when I was five because I had rarely gone out as a kid, i was so happy to know that my parents and I were not vampires or whatever childish thing i had in my\uc0{\u160} head. but for certain they were weird and I am not wrong about that.}}\par
\sect
}