{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy09\hr20\min42\sec50}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy09\hr20\min42\sec50}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No Education No Good Life}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Going to school was never easy for me at all. I grew up as young African girl from Burundi who struggled a lot when it comes to schooling. In my culture, parents believe that it is better to send boys to school than girls. In my culture, they believe that a girl is supposed to stay home and be doing household chores only for the rest of her life. This belief made it difficult for me to pursue my studies. In my family, I am the second born from five children and I am the only girl. This made my father to prioritize my brothers to go to school and I stay home to cook for them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember that at the age of ten, I left home without telling my mother where I was going. At that time, I was very afraid because I was sure that I will be punished after arriving back. However, I took courage and followed my friends to school. In Dzaleka Refugee Camp, primary and secondary education are free of charge to refugees. This gave me courage to follow my friends and entered in standard one class without informing anyone. This time, I was very afraid that teachers would send me out of the class.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On this day, the class teacher started calling attendance list and I was the only one left without being called. When the teacher called me in front to hear my cash. I started crying but fortunately, the class teacher rendered me his ears. He was so touched with my story and decided to help me. I will never forget the headmaster of Umodzi Katubza primary school who convinced my parents that I am also supposed to go to school like other children. From that day, I started going to school and as I am talking, I am pursuing my Diploma. I am now an independent woman because of education. I will forever praise education as a key to success.}}\par
\sect
}