{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy21\hr20\min46\sec53}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy21\hr20\min46\sec53}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Book: chapter 3}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: Minabamun, Minabamun could you hear my voice?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: yeah.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: are you okay?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I didn\uc0{\u8217}t feel any meaning yet.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Oh my dear what spirit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: maybe I\uc0{\u8217}m just a meaningless word.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: at least we know you\uc0{\u8217}re not shuffled.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: I understand you\uc0{\u8217}re bored but I feel something\uc0{\u8230} some meaning in you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: and we have some words that are concepts of being meaningless.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: I have to say that stupidity closes its eyes. After a moment a big gray word appeared there. It was Nonsense.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nonsense: tsihcrana na eb t\uc0{\u8217}nac I. tsihcrana os m\uc0{\u8217}I tub tsihcrana na em llac sdrow emoS. thgink yarg taerg eht m\uc0{\u8217}I olleH. (Hello I\uc0{\u8217}m the great gray knight .Some words call me an anarchist but I\uc0{\u8217}m so anarchist .I can\uc0{\u8217}t be an anarchist)}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: what\uc0{\u8217}s it trying to say?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: nonsense.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nonsense: drow etelpmoc a gnieb fo esnes reh fo tuo htrib em evag ehs dna esnes si rehtom yM. (.My mother is sense and she gave me birth out of her sense of being a complete word.)}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: you know it\uc0{\u8217}s not just saying nonsense. It\uc0{\u8217}s trying to make sense in a cool way. it\uc0{\u8217}s speaking backwards. It think it\uc0{\u8217}s cool.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nonsense: efil ruo fo tpecnoc elohw eht tsuj si siht ebyam ,syug yeh.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 ti steg ydobon dna secnetnes dna sdrow taerg eseht lla gniyas m\uc0{\u8217}I .doog flah a od nac tsuj I .yaw siht skrow gnihtyrevE .sworbeye tfel gniward ta doog m\uc0{\u8217}I. (I\uc0{\u8217}m good at drawing left eyebrows. Everything works this way. I just can do a half good. I\uc0{\u8217}m saying all these great words and sentences and nobody gets it. but guys, maybe this is just the whole concept of our life.)}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: OH it\uc0{\u8217}s so talkie.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: oh you didn\uc0{\u8217}t see it in its old days. it became more tightlipped by the time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: nonsense is also a sensitive word. After all these talks it started melting on the ground. Minabamun do you feel any meaning?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: nope.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Stupidity, are you got new ideas?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: no sir.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: interesting, I hear the voice of dogs barking and they are sloshing in water pits. I hear the gurgling of Great River of ideas and I think to myself, what a wonderful onomatopoeia you can become.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: oh that was one of hardest words I\uc0{\u8217}ve ever heard.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: it\uc0{\u8217}s not as hard as its name. Onomatopoeia\uc0{\u160}is just a linguist\uc0{\u8217}s word for sound effect.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: opppppps.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Stupidity hits Minabamun so hard.\uc0{\u160}Stupidity\uc0{\u160}you\uc0{\u8217}re going to kill\uc0{\u160}Minabamun\uc0{\u160}and yourself too. I think you cracked one of your letters.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: that hurts, you\uc0{\u8217}re a hard one kiddo. Sir I just want to see if Mina could make a sound effect.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description:\uc0{\u160} Minabamun\uc0{\u160}nearly\uc0{\u160}cried at that moment and said\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8221}you dumbass, I don\uc0{\u8217}t even know what is\uc0{\u160}sound effect\uc0{\u160}yet. Could you let me try to understand it in an easier way?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: oh there are easier ways alway.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: this kid has enough on its plate today. Why do you close your eyes again?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: don\uc0{\u8217}t worry sir. Here is my dear friend Knock knock. What\uc0{\u8217}s up bro?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Knock knock: you stupid son of a bitch no one is allowed to call me like that.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: knock knock appeared as mad as you hear its voice. It was completely red and its letters was going to blow. Stupidity look at it and answer it angrily.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: who do you think you are? You don\uc0{\u8217}t have any honor. Your whole kind doesn\uc0{\u8217}t have one of my mother\uc0{\u8217}s pride. Don\uc0{\u8217}t put yourself at the same level of our family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: they were struggling, their conversation won\uc0{\u8217}t be heard in their screams but I can tell you all of the conversation separated.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Knock knock: what family? I don\uc0{\u8217}t know why you\uc0{\u8217}re telling everyone that your mother is Braveness. I think she is more insane than both you and your father.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: you know what? My father didn\uc0{\u8217}t even use you. He never knocks any door, he goes through them. I can show you how a good Madness can break a door and show its here\uc0{\u8217}s Johnnyyyyyyyyyyy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: excuse me, why are you fighting?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Knock knock noticed that Minabamun and I are watching them. Knock knock knelt down for me and said: \uc0{\u8221}pardon me sir. I lost my temperature. I didnt\uc0{\u160}noticed your here. I\uc0{\u8217}m at your service.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description:\uc0{\u160}Hello dear Knock knock. Come closer. We are helping to find this young word\uc0{\u8217}s meaning. Knock knock locked at Minabamun and said: \uc0{\u8221}Alright, you are such a lucky word. The great Black good personally guiding you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Who is Black book?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description:\uc0{\u160} Knock knock laughed aloud. It laughed for a long moment, while stupidity looked at Knock knock angrily. Then Knock knock said \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m not surprised that you haven\uc0{\u8217}t found you\uc0{\u8217}re meaning yet. It\uc0{\u8217}s predictable when you become a friend of stupidity. You didn\uc0{\u8217}t even know that this great word stands aside of every word.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Who are you talking about?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Knock knock had tears in its eyes because of laughing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Knock knock: oh my word, oh my word, Stupidity didn\uc0{\u8217}t tell it. I knew it. What honor you were talking about.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: stop.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Knock knock: what\uc0{\u8217}s your name new word?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I am miserable Minabamun.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Knock knock: oh I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know if I should laugh or cry for you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: I said stop.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Knock knock: in the universe of words we have four books, they are rulers of our world. The first one is the Yellow book. She is in the heart of every one of us. She is mean of every single word. She\uc0{\u8217}s meaning. She is literally a dictionary and some words call it Dakhu. The second one is here with us. The Great Description. he can be everywhere in this universe and his title is Blackbook but he really doesn\uc0{\u8217}t like this name. After him we have Concept or Green book. I don\uc0{\u8217}t really like her but what can I do? She was the former ruler and the last one is the Red book, the current ruler.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: So what?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Knock knock: Oh I think you affected this one hardly Stupidity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Minabamun yelled at knock knock \uc0{\u8221}stop mocking my friend. I just asked you one question and I got all this\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Minabamun looked at Stupidity and it didn\uc0{\u8217}t finish what it was saying.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Knock knock: what was your question?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I asked you why are you fighting dummy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Knock knock looked at the\uc0{\u160}Stupidity, a look of astonishment.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Knock knock: oh my word I forgot why we were fighting. Hey Stu, why were we fighting?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: I don\uc0{\u8217}t know. I just summoned you to help us, you arrived here like a haunted word.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Knock knock: I got it. You offended me when you called me bro. We are words. We can choose our gender and I didn\uc0{\u8217}t see myself in that gender. You disrespected me and my choice.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: oh man, I don\uc0{\u8217}t mean that. I told you that just because it\uc0{\u8217}s cool. I\uc0{\u8217}m really sorry. Come on give me a hug.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Stupidity and Knock knock hugged each other hardly.\uc0{\u160} Minabamun was looking at them wide eyed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: knock knock.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Knock knock: who\uc0{\u8217}s there?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: Annie.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Knock knock: Annie who?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: Anniething you can do, I can do too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: what is\uc0{\u8230} what is it? What\uc0{\u8217}s it? what\uc0{\u8217}s it? what\uc0{\u8217}s it? what\uc0{\u8217}s what\uc0{\u8217}s it? what is it? what is this?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: do you find your meaning?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I feel something but I can\uc0{\u8217}t tell.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: this is called a hug. It\uc0{\u8217}s a posture of love and heat and enthusiasm. When words like each other they can hug each other and create new meanings and sentences and words. Most words create jokes when they hug Stupidity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: you want to try it?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: not sure. I\uc0{\u8217}m not sure.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Knock knock: come on. It\uc0{\u8217}s funny.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Minabamun went to them and its little letters hided between arms and hands of stupidity and knock knock, I said mind if I join you?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: it would be an honor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Knock knock: of course you\uc0{\u8217}re Highness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: when I joined them at last I could see Minabamun letters were surrounded between us. Minabamun was closed it eyes with pleasure. Suddenly Minabamun said: Mina\uc0{\u8230}Mina\uc0{\u8230}oh I am Minabamun\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: we step back to take a look at Minabamun.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I felt that but I don\uc0{\u8217}t get it yet I wanna cry.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: it thundered. A great thunder that light everywhere for a second. I told Minabamun you are tired, you need some rest.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I\uc0{\u8217}m not bored. I\uc0{\u8217}m exhausted. I felt it. I knew there was something for a second but it\uc0{\u8217}s vanished like\uc0{\u8230} like a sigh that come out of my mouth in a cold winter night.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: hey kiddo, don\uc0{\u8217}t be upset. We have Knock knock here. Knock knock do you think that Minabamun could be a word of your kind?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Knock knock: honestly I don\uc0{\u8217}t think so.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Stupidity gave Knock knock a sign and said: why?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Knock knock: look Stu we all have a sound in us. Some of us have one syllable, some more but you must hear a sound. But Minabamun has two different sounds in it. Did you ever heard onomatopoeia with two voices?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: yeah cock-doddle do.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Knock knock: damn you always find something. There is always exceptions but this is not one simple onomatopia. I have to go. I think it\uc0{\u8217}s not look like an onomatopoeia but you can hit Minabamun in different ways to see what sounds it seems to be. Your}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Majesty would you let me go? There is a lot of people behind of the doors.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}