{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy14\hr23\min24\sec27}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy14\hr23\min24\sec27}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No one asked her\uc0{\u8230}   \uc0{\u8220}What if I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to born? What if I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t brave enough to live? What if I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to be here? What if I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to grow? What if I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to study? What if I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to marry? What if I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to have kids? What if I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to love someone? Why everything is compulsory? Didn\uc0{\u8217}t all say humans can be free? Where is the freedom exactly? When could I choose whatever I really want? Who asked me? These are all questions that sometimes want to make me crazy, but I don\uc0{\u8217}t have any answer.\uc0{\u8221}  I looked at her eyes, they were so beautiful and impeccable; like someone who sleeps with dreams and wakes up with dreams, painful and hopeful\uc0{\u8230}   I told her:\uc0{\u8221} No one chooses to born or to live but all humans are trying to be happy and they want to have a peaceful life. you are not alone, there is a society, a country, a world like you. \uc0{\u8220}Maybe they didn\uc0{\u8217}t try too much and they didn\uc0{\u8217}t fail like me.\uc0{\u8221} She said.   She was continuing while she was crying:\uc0{\u8221}my husband was a nervous person, he didn\uc0{\u8217}t look at me with a happy face even once but I loved him. Now he has a brilliant life but he made me an obsession person.\uc0{\u8221} She smiled and said:\uc0{\u8221} look I am here to cure, maybe love wasn\uc0{\u8217}t enough.\uc0{\u8221} Crying didn\uc0{\u8217}t let her to continue\uc0{\u8230}   I took her hands and I told her:\uc0{\u8221} you can stand again and you can make a new life for yourself, please know me as a person who wants to help you, not like a psychologist.\uc0{\u8221} She said:\uc0{\u8221} look even now, no one asked me \uc0{\u8216}do you want to continue or not\uc0{\u8217}? No one asked me\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\sect
}