{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy11\hr17\min09\sec15}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy11\hr17\min09\sec15}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everyone has a favorite place either inside or outside the city where they like to spend their time, to enjoy from each moment in life and to have peace and calmness. For some people that place is the mountain, the beach, the green forests with its mass trees, the beautiful garden with its colorful flowers, the park, the ocean or any other places. But my favorite place was a street called the flowers street. It was down the road. It was a crowded street and almost of the shops in that street were selling different beautiful flowers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There were fresh roses, daffodils, tulips, lilies, asters, jasmine, my favorite one orchid and any other kind of flowers. The drops of water on those colorful flowers were always shining like small diamonds in the early morning sun. \uc0{\u160}As I walked through the street there was a flowery fragrance that filled its environment and I would like to smell and breathe the fresh air that was filled with the flower\uc0{\u8217}s aroma.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There were red, white, purple, pink and blue balloons hanging from the shops celling and red smiling teddy bears inside the shops that always attracted the customers. \uc0{\u160}Shop keepers were washing the street in front of their shops all the day. That street was always clean. It always had a different atmosphere and vibe and from the whole places in the city and I liked it the most. \uc0{\u160}The sound of music and the rush of lovers for buying the red roses always attracted me to walk in this street from time to time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 People used to buy the flowers for their celebrations. They used to design the wedding cars, they used to buy bouquet of flowers to celebrate the teacher\uc0{\u8217}s day, they used to buy red roses for the valentine\uc0{\u8217}s day and gift it to their loved ones, they used to celebrate birthdays, women\uc0{\u8217}s day, mother\uc0{\u8217}s Day and other special occasions that was incomplete without having the flowers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a boy standing in front of the street and used to sell the red roses for people. Every time when I was crossing this street I liked to buy a red rose from him and at home I had a bunch of 95 red roses but then I could not cross that street again\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Today I came here after a year but I could not believe that it was the same street, my favorite one, the best place in the city. Oh, it was the same place but it had a different vibe, most of the flower\uc0{\u8217}s shops were closed, there were no rush of people to buy the flowers, outside some of the shops those fresh flowers were withered. There were no red love balloons hanging from the shops celling. The sound of music was stopped. Everywhere there were men, women and kids begging for money and food. There were no happy faces in that street and; moreover, I could not find that boy who used to sell the red roses.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I searched for him and asked about him from a shopkeeper he told me, \uc0{\u8220}look over there he is polishing the shoes.\uc0{\u8221} I went to him he was sitting next to a shop with polish ink over his face and dress. He had worn a torn jacket with some satin of ink and covered his head with a hat. There were a pair of torn shoes with a pair of brown slippers and two kind of polishing inks brown and black with a shoe brush in front of him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He was sad, and looking down. I said hi he looked up with a bitter smile replied to me, \uc0{\u8220}hello.\uc0{\u8221} I asked him, how are you? He said,\uc0{\u8221} I am fine how about you?\uc0{\u8221} I replied back and told him why did you stop selling the flowers? He sighed in pain and said, \uc0{\u8220}because people stopped buying the flowers\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\sect
}