{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy04\hr19\min59\sec07}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy04\hr19\min59\sec07}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Some guy took my girlfriend from me in 2020 just because he used to drive his parent\uc0{\u8217}s car while I was broke. At the time, we both lived in Blantyre. he was staying in Naperi area and I was based in Zingwangwa, and my girlfriend stayed in Chitawira. After I found out he was sleeping with my girlfriend, I met him at Zodetsa and confronted him. He said to me while his friends laughed, \uc0{\u8217}Bro, your girlfriend is a prostitute, don\uc0{\u8217}t annoy me. I felt so embarrassed in front of everyone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The same day, my so girlfriend dumped me, accusing me of embarrassing her, and she got married to this guy in October 2021. I fought off suicide for many months, but thank God, I am okay now. Last of last month, I slept with my ex who is the same woman. I did not care about whether she got married because my intention was revenge.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her husband called her but she told him that she was at her friend\uc0{\u8217}s place, Alinafe, in Kanjedza. She was at my house and she was making me a meal. She talked a lot and told me how she regrets what she did because her husband is not ambitious and his life is stuck. She said his man is broke as hell, struggling to pay shop debts and can\uc0{\u8217}t even fix his own car. She was four months pregnant, but I did not care about seeing her. In the evening, I dropped her off close to her house later in my Mazda CX3. She told him that it was Alinafe who dropped her off.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When her husband slept with her and took her from me, I cried. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know I dodged a bullet because last of last month, it would have been me being cheated on. I realized that this woman is a prostitute indeed. I have been trying since last year to sleep with her not knowing that I am bringing regrets in my life. Revenge is sweet when it is not yet done but once it has happened, there is no sweetness in it.}}\par
\sect
}