{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy09\hr14\min03\sec26}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy09\hr14\min03\sec26}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Close to a full day has gone. It\uc0{\u8217}s around 2 pm, and I am starving. I need something behind this shit stronger than a cheeseburger, but right about now, I just want to fuck with someone\uc0{\u8217}s mind, and who better than my two asshole robo cops. You got to remember now, I got a history with these motherfuckers because in June of 1993, I escaped for a little bit, a story I\uc0{\u8217}ll tell you about another time. This escape kinda got under their skin and it got me tied to the bed for a week or so. But it was after that little incident there where Black told me to take a good look around because I\uc0{\u8217}d never be back. But here I was, back, and looking at this Black motherfucker again.I start off by saying that \uc0{\u8220}This is a day I never thought to see, so much shit going on around me, but hey, ain't god good?\uc0{\u8221} I tap on the floor board to rattle the chains. I see White getting annoyed, and I\uc0{\u8217}m going to yank his chains some more; I want to see his head snap back when I pull them. No one can ever attest to seeing me with a bible, and most believe I am a non-believer, be that neither here nor there for this story, because I says to White, \uc0{\u8220}You know, from us niggers who truly believe in god, right about now we will be on hands and knees praising and giving supplication to having witnessed a miracle. But you know how these uppity negroes are, hell, even your cracker ass is too slow and dumb to catch it.\uc0{\u8221} White\uc0{\u8217}s face gets red as a beet, and I\uc0{\u8217}m laughing my ass off.Man, this day is fucked up. A month before trial began, and these quacks want me to see shit in blobs of ink and play with puzzles.Psychological evaluation matters in capital cases because the second phase of a capital trial deals with mitigation. The mitigations phase can possibly offset the jury from sentencing you to death. Maybe your upbringing was so horrible with abuse and neglect, or maybe you had mental disorders to begin with that contributed to your guilt. Throughout the appeal process of a capital case, psyche issues come up, as the laws don\uc0{\u8217}t allow the execution of mentally incapable people.For me, though. The psyche hearing I had in 2004\uc0{\u8212}ten years after the psyche exam, which was itself two years after the events\uc0{\u8212}had to take place without a psyche report. No report was generated after that visit in 1994 to be used at my sentencing (mitigation) phase, even though this is mandatory in every death case.Throughout my more than three decades of living on death row, I have known several men who took these psychological exams. This was during the years after the courts ruled that mentally challenged people can no longer be executed. These things stand out to me. The state had for decades doped these men on psyche drugs, but now they began force medicating the ones who had refused to take the meds so that they could appear mentally capable. \uc0{\u8220}Competent\uc0{\u8221} is the word they use. One guy thought he could get high on many different pills, oxycontin, neurontin, benadryl, and stay up three or two days before taking the exam to appear mentally unstable. Some other man told him that would help him fail the test. True. He was high as fuck and talking all kinds of off the wall crazy shit, seeing shit, hearing shit telling him to do this or that. Didn\uc0{\u8217}t help him. He was executed.Another guy purposely fell on his way out from the shower. Bust his head and shit because men were saying how a head injury makes you qualify for the new law to not execute mentally disabled people. Didn\uc0{\u8217}t help him. He was executed.I\uc0{\u8217}ve learned over the decades that for many of these men, the psyche exams are a life jacket, because Mississippi went on a killing spree. Listen, at one time, Mississippi murdered six men in two months. Three each month, one every week. So like I was saying, men were desperate to do what they believed could help them pass the exam. Now, there were some men who didn\uc0{\u8217}t deserve the death sentence to begin with because they were never what the state would call \uc0{\u8220}competent\uc0{\u8221} in the first place. They were just not competent for any such trial. One man, for example, couldn\uc0{\u8217}t even spell his own name much less prepare for his trial. He can\uc0{\u8217}t participate in daily functions, he has to be guided to eat, shower, clean up, all kinds of shit in terms of daily activities. What the fuck could he understand about his capital case when he can\uc0{\u8217}t even spell his own name? Letters need to be written, calls need to be made. When he went to his mental exam, the doctors determined this guy competent for trial, which sent him to death row. Of all the years I\uc0{\u8217}ve been here, I\uc0{\u8217}ve never known one person to be found incompetent to stand trial.For myself, this exam can do nothing. I am \uc0{\u8220}competent,\uc0{\u8221} which left for me the option of selling out my own childhood. Lawyers and prisoners on the row are of the thought that a horrible childhood, say your uncle or someone sexually abused you, or say your parents beat the hell out of you as well as each other and neglected you, no food, shelter, clothing, can help you \uc0{\u8220}fail\uc0{\u8221} the psych exam. Or is it \uc0{\u8220}passing\uc0{\u8221}, because this could help you live for longer inside prison. Say your living environment was filled with people killing, fighting, pushing drugs, and pimping women: these things can help you \uc0{\u8220}pass\uc0{\u8221} because they can sway the jury. The idea is that the jury will feel empathy, sympathy, and say, \uc0{\u8220}Well, we ought not kill him.\uc0{\u8221} So, you\uc0{\u8217}ve passed because they\uc0{\u8217}ve spared your life; but you\uc0{\u8217}ve also failed, because you might be a 23-year-old kid who\uc0{\u8217}s spending the rest of his life in the penitentiary.Me, personally. I am not about to bullshit my upbringing with that nonsense in my case, as my upbringing was damn good. I was damn bad, you understand. True, my parents fought like crazy, and they whipped my ass with extension cords and what-not. But neglect and abuse? Nah. That shit doesn\uc0{\u8217}t hold water, in my opinion. I am from a very close-knit sibling family. Listen, I know men here whose family hasn\uc0{\u8217}t mailed them a letter or card, even on holidays. No contact. As for mine, my sisters have been with me every day since I\uc0{\u8217}ve set foot inside that county jail, and believe me, I can be a pain in the ass, you hear me.Knowing the things I know now, I think back to my car ride after the Whitfield visit in 1994, a damn month before my trial began, and I think maybe it should have been Black + White in need of that exam. I guess I\uc0{\u8217}ll just yank his chains for a while and see if he\uc0{\u8217}ll bark.\uc0{\u8220}Bark, motherfucker\uc0{\u8221}When you\uc0{\u8217}re on death row and every day people are devising up ways to make it easier to kill you, we must take advantage of any and all ways and means that we think is best for us, so I can\uc0{\u8217}t degrade these men's means and say they are wrong as they believe it\uc0{\u8217}s right. That\uc0{\u8217}s their choice to make. Prosecutors have every possible aid and funding that Mississippi has to offer, unlimited you hear me, while someone like myself, I have practically non-existent aid and funding that can\uc0{\u8217}t be imaginable to compare, understand, so I must grasp at any, practically every, hand out and opportunity. It\uc0{\u8217}s like I\uc0{\u8217}m scratching in rocky, broken, dried out soil searching for some potato spud to eat because I\uc0{\u8217}m damn starved to death.}\par
\sect
}