{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy07\hr17\min04\sec56}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy07\hr17\min04\sec56}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 In December 2022, the State murdered my friend and brother, a man I\uc0{\u8217}m calling Tupelo. In my three decades on death row, Tupelo is one of a handful of men that I can say were truly special people who made living inside of a caged hell-hole bearable. For two years, leading up to his state-sponsored murder, I watched Tupelo suffer and struggle to breathe as his body wasted away with terminal cancer he developed from his years of fighting America\uc0{\u8217}s wars, yet his mannerisms, actions, and words remained respectful the same way he remained truthful. No better man or friend, white or black, ever caused Tupelo to lose that faith that to be kind is to be humane. I had never experienced this shit when I came into contact with people, especially white males, as they were always fork-tongued and two-faced in words and actionsWhen Tupelo came to death row, I don\uc0{\u8217}t recall the exact year, I had been here for too many at that point, that years, months, and days didn\uc0{\u8217}t matter to me, only decades. I was in cell 86 and they put him in #87. I mean. A tall, somewhat slightly muscular white guy with a military style haircut, and my first thought was, sooner, or later, I\uc0{\u8217}m going to have to bust his shit open to the white meat. LOL. He just had that look, that just screamed \uc0{\u8220}a lily-white male,\uc0{\u8221} you know. A few hours into him being there, I did what someone had done for me and asked him what he had, what he needed, you know. Hygiene, bed linen, food, etc\uc0{\u8230}and that\uc0{\u8217}s how we began talking. He was quiet-like, soft spoken. I could barely hear him. He smoked, so I shared some cigarettes. They had been banned by MDOC a few years earlier, and cost like $20 a pack. I also had some alcohol, which I offered, and he accepted. He didn\uc0{\u8217}t do drugs, so he refused the weed. We stayed up into the night, as I told him what this place was like and how the state was not going to kill him in a month or whatever the way they make us think they will. I told him how they shackle and handcuff us, how everywhere we go, we go like that. Like for yard call, and sometimes how we\uc0{\u8217}ll be strip-searched, depending on what guard is working that day. And about how yard call is in single man dog kennel pens out back. We got into where I was from, Natchez, which he knew about because he did some marine recruiting there, and I learned he was from Tupelo, Mississippi. I\uc0{\u8217}d never been there. At some point, he fell asleep, because I found myself talking to myself. So I got up off the floor and laid down on the concrete slab bed. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t sleep on a mattress. Just a sheet over the concrete.Next day, we talked some more, drank some more, smoked some more, and I started liking this guy because he said shit that shocked me about what type of guy he was. He told me how he didn\uc0{\u8217}t do the good ole boy thing, and his friend was his friend, no matter what race. In my mind, I\uc0{\u8217}m like, bullshit, you come from Tupelo. But I just listened.Weeks turned into months, and then years. We talked every day. Inside and outside. I learned about the wars he fought in and a few of the special-ops in Africa. Really horrific shit about the ways his marine brothers were killed. He learned some things about me, too. For over 20 years, up until Mississippi murdered him, he had become the closest friend I had in here. That gave me a new perspective on white people, because I\uc0{\u8217}d never been close to one like my own Brother. I\uc0{\u8217}ve never cried over one until Tupelo, or still to this day, miss one the way I do him. I used to tell him that it took me coming to death row to actually have a white Brother, and it did. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how long it\uc0{\u8217}ll take to find another.During the latter part of 2021 and throughout the year 2022, up to the date my friend was murdered by the state via state-sanctioned execution, I tried to convince him that he should lean heavily on his extraordinary military career as a top marine for the United States. because I was a witness to the daily pain and agony he was suffering as a result of the many many tours of duty and covert missions he participated in for what we Americans would say was the betterment of America and the world at large.But let me tell you about just how fucked up we are as a people and country. Allow me to remind you that \uc0{\u8220}Thanksgiving Day\uc0{\u8221} is actually a cover-up for this country\uc0{\u8217}s mass which murdering of Indians by Europeans whom they had saved from starvation. In a nutshell, there was a feast and then there was robbery, assaults, and murdering, yet here we are. Every year relaxing and enjoying this celebrated day of death. But there\uc0{\u8217}s something I don\uc0{\u8217}t think American people are conscious of, and it\uc0{\u8217}s this. Every year our country pardons a fucking turkey bird from being killed, however I have yet to see this damn country pardon a PERSON who\uc0{\u8217}s on American\uc0{\u8217}s death rows. If anyone should have been pardoned for Thanksgiving it was Tupelo, with as much blood, sweat, and tears he shed for this country as a top marine. Ha! He was all great white turkey. Now that, my friend, is some sad, twisted ass shit when you\uc0{\u8217}re thrilled to pardon a fucking bird and overjoyed to execute your own citizens. Damn! Psych doctors, PLEASE! Ugh. I need to take a fucking break. I do.}\par
\sect
}