{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy29\hr18\min05\sec41}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy29\hr18\min05\sec41}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have been working for Jesuit Refugee Service for over 3 years. I have had good and bad experiences working with my colleagues. I discovered that not everyone is your friend at work. there is a guy that I work with who is called Micheal. I have been having trouble coping\uc0{\u160}with his behaviour since I caught up with him a lot of times. I remember in March this year, I was told to close the office by the operations coordinator since he was sick but he did not understand it he wanted me to leave the doors open for him to use the internet yet it was time to close. I told him that I was told to close the door so that the security guards can be able to come in and no one should disturb the security guards. But he did not understand me instead he misunderstood what I told him and he started shouting at me that the coordinator does not have anything to say and is not our boss to others to do anything.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That time was a very hard time for me but I tried to come down and do what I was told to do. I just told him that I was doing what I was told and there is nothing I have against him so he should come down and stop shouting at me because it was unnecessary. However, he took it the wrong way and started to threaten me that he was going to beat me and I was younger than him. I saw that it was unnecessary for us to fight I just called the coordinator but he did not pick up instead I thought of just leaving the door open because I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to fight with anyone. But before I left there was an academic coordinator who was listening to us and he was so disappointed in us.\uc0{\u160} I just left and sent a voice message to the coordinator that I did not close the door and I left them open because I was about to be beaten by my colleague.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next morning, I was not able to talk to him and I thought to myself that I would never talk to him again. However, I reported to our HR but it did not do anything so they decided to tell me that I should continue to talk to him to show him that everything was okay but deep down I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t fine and I could not feel good to talk to him. From that day I decided to stop talking to him and whenever I could come to work, I would not even greet him. After three months of not talking, I saw that it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t a good thing for us to stay without talking, I started greeting him in the morning when I arrived at work however it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t easy for me to do that because I saw that he is a short-tempered person and one day the incident might also happen again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I thought it was a day whereby we were doing a workshop and I was the one now ordering food and drinks for the workshop this was a workshop for networking with big employers and making big networks around the world. After the workshop I collected the bottles so that I could return them to the restaurant so that I could be given the deposit that I left there, however, Micheal decided to take one bottle at his place and I told him that it was not a good thing because those were not my bottle and I have to return them. He started becoming angry and he told me that I should call the restaurant and that he would return the bottle. But according to her the agreement I had with the restaurant I was the one who was supposed to take back the bottle. After saying that he became so angry and he opened the Coca-Cola bottle and put all the drink on the ground and then he gave me a bottle. With this incident, I saw that we were not going along with Micheal and I decided to stop talking to him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The funny thing is that the next week after this incident I was just sitting in my office and he had a problem with Zoom and I was the only one around since it was lunch hour and they approached me so that I could help him to connect on Zoom. I had no choice but to show a good heart and help him with his room but in my heart, I was not happy and I told myself that help him but never talk to him.\uc0{\u160} When he came to my table, I just helped him but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t even greet him I just showed him that I was angry with what he did and until now we are not talking and I don\uc0{\u8217}t believe that he is a good person to talk to because sometimes we avoid things and look as if we are cowards but it is good to stop talking to people that you fight every day to make peace in a working environment. When God allows out one day, we\uc0{\u8217}ll talk again but I don\uc0{\u8217}t believe it will be a good talk as colleagues it will be just greeting each other in the morning without having any feather assistance that will be needing from each other. I just realized that living with people is difficult and whenever I try to become nice, they don\uc0{\u8217}t become nice to me which is not fair.}}\par
\sect
}