{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy22\hr13\min40\sec59}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy22\hr13\min40\sec59}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Not my choice\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I\uc0{\u8217}ve often heard many people wish it was possible to be able to choose their relatives or even parents to which they are born to. Is it out of frustration of relationships that would have failed to work out or the need to evade black tax when one eventually makes it? The answer remains variable for everyone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I go around asking my friends which of their relatives they are mostly close to, they always express disconnect with the paternal side of the family. Reasons for this may be due to the common fact that in most cases there is always bad blood between a wife and a mother in law. Since the wife is the one who spends more time with the children, they tend to develop that negative mindset towards their paternal side. Obviously what would we expect from two women who love the same person.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I gave this highlight to my dear reader so as to establish a background of my personal story. A story that a lot of people can relate to, but yet feels so personal and does greatly affect my conscience. When my father breathed his last, some of the instructions that he gave was that we were never to step in places that he did not take us to.This blatantly referred to the compound that he grew up at in the rural areas. Poor eleven year old me, the only male with my surname that I knew, felt troubled by this wall that was established and never to be crossed under the guidance of my mother. Was I to be the one to start a new clan with my name? Maybe so, though I actually lacked the true teachings of my identity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Years passed.My pride of belonging to something even died down as the only place I would hear my surname being called was when it was actually me. Here,I had been fully surrounded by my maternal side of the family.They were the only extended family I knew. From family functions, to weddings and funerals , I never really brushed shoulders with anyone of my paternal blood. I really would have wanted to grow up knowing my own and sharing the same struggles that they also experienced but what was I to do when the ones who fed me forbade it .It was not my choice to make.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I grew up and came to a point that I was able to make decisions on my own.I started reaching out to grandmother who was so excited to be reunited with her husband, me , as the Shona culture alludes. Obviously I would do this \uc0{\u8220}nicodemously\uc0{\u8221} by night as I did not want to create problems with my mother. I then figured out that the people I called mine were just a small group of aunts and uncles and a few nephews and nieces who led very humble lives tainted with poverty.They would constantly ask me why I was not keen to see them and excused myself from most of the things that involved them. It was not by choice but circumstance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Up to now, I still feel that I would not have done justice to myself if I did not put in the effort to establish my roots. Do I have to wait till I am old enough to feed and take care of myself to then go against the set rules of no contact? Am I wrong to even think of doing this when I have no idea as to why this came to be so? Even if I tried to reconcile and regroup the family, the amount of black tax that I would have to pay would also be unbearable. Maybe, I just have to start my own clan and eventually get to say ,I have a choice.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {}\par
\sect
}