{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy15\hr11\min49\sec48}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy15\hr11\min49\sec48}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar \qc{{\cf0\f0\i No turning back}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Majority of the people or let me say\uc0{\u160} families that have taken long here in the camp without hope for tomorrow are single mothers. Here is a case that I recently came across here in the camp for a woman who is called Judith.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Judith came to the camp in 2000 when all her children were very young. She shared with me her life story and here is what she wanted to share.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I migrated from my home country, I left alone living my children with my mum and I had to save my life then but I also new that my children\uc0{\u8217}s life was in danger but I had no time to run at my mother\uc0{\u8217}s house because it was far and I knew that was the first place that they could go next but all in all I prayed so had that God may save my kid.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Leaving them wasn\uc0{\u8217}t easy for me but I knew I had 5o save my self. Every time I could be mistreated, abusive words could be said against me, threat every now and then. This was only happening to me but also to my kid. They were discriminated and isolated not allowing them to play with other kids and that\uc0{\u8217}s the moment when I decided to take them at my mother\uc0{\u8217}s place. I remember several time, I could here them cry if they go out to play 3oth other children, remember these are the kids from my in-laws family since it was an extended family. But due to discrimination and hatred they had from the day that their brother married me it was carried until today.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This is how it happened, I got married to a Tutsi man and I myself am from a Hutu tribe. Have you ever seen a movie called Hotel Rwanda about the genocide that happened in those years?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Well, this hatred still exists. People from one tribe can\uc0{\u8217}t get married to another tribe and if it happens then it comes with some consequences. That is what happened to me. To make matters worse, I was from a Christian family and yet my husbands family was a Muslim.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Several time my husband\uc0{\u8217}s family had warned him and asked him to divorce me but he didn\uc0{\u8217}t accept because he thought he would be their to protect us always from his family. They could tell him face to face that they hate me and they could call me and my children a curse to their family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My husband was a businessman who travelled across countries selling food stuff. He could spend 2 to 3 months on his trips but those moments could be hell for me. I was so excited when I got married. I was only 14 during that time and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t care less. But with time and from all the fear of persecution, I decided to take my kids away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Apparently, I was strong even if all these things were happening to me but want came has my night mare was when my husband had travelled for his business trip but this time around he took more time than I expected. He sometimes travelled with his brothers and for this trip, he went with them. What made me realise things where different is when his brothers came back and he was no were to be seen. When I asked, I was told that, \uc0{\u8220} you will never see him again\uc0{\u8221} and he left.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I thought maybe he was left behind and he would come back but with passing time, things didn\uc0{\u8217}t change, he was nowhere to be found. Sometimes back he was asked to remarry but another woman from their tribe and religion but he refused and his brothers threatened him that he will one day see what he will do to him. I and him took it as a joke but finally I realised that their words came true, they killed their own brother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was only one month since my husband disappeared and now the threats were made openly. They started denying me access to some basic things like gardening, food and even collecting water from the water source that was in the compound. They could tell me that your days are numbered and even we will make sure that you and your bustard children follow your husband.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have a phone to tell my family want was going on and the kid of torture that I was undergoing. Just when I thought they would stop, that when things took a negative turn and that night is when also my life was changed forever. It was in the middle of the night and I was first asleep. I wondered what was happening g. There was movement everywhere but also people were whispering to each other. But before this, during the day, the family was so good to me and I was a bit surprised. Believe when your enemy approaches you and is good to you, I am sure you will be very surprised? That was what had happened that day. They brought me food, they talked so well and smiled at me. Asking me if my kids are fine and if I could bring them over. When I told them they are fine and they won\uc0{\u8217}t be returning, I saw them looking at each other in a funny way but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t take it to heart, thinking that maybe they have realised how bad what they were doing is.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We sat and had some time talking but I realised they had come for something. They started asking me if I knew where the documents of the house and the land was. If I knew where my husband\uc0{\u8217}s money was and other properties were. I told them I knew nothing because the truth is I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t bother with such things in my life and I cared less but later I regretted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So they left but from the looks in their eyes, you could see that they were furious. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t think much and just closed my door and went back in my house. So when night came, that when things didn\uc0{\u8217}t go well for me. Has I was saying, I heard people whispering and I thought maybe they were doing their own things at that hour since I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t involved in many decisions, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t mind. I control sleep but something was telling me something was wrong, wake up and see what is happening from outside.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ignored and went on with my sleep but I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t comfortable. When I was just in bed after hearing that people had moved around my house, I saw bright lights coming from outside my room through the window but I just ignored it but I felt there was something wrong.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While I was meditating on what to do in my room, I saw a very big flame of fire all over the building and yet I was outside. When I woke up and peeped through the window, I saw that they had light fire 9n my house and they were all at the exit of the door with some things in their hands. Since it was far away and I was in panic, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have time to think or see well but I heard them say that \uc0{\u8220}today we must finish her\uc0{\u8221}. And immediately I knew they were fulfilling their promise that they would kill me and my kids one day and this was the day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While trembling and panicking, I was just thinking praying that God should save me. I looked around the room to see if there was any exit but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t see any. Because I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t even go to the door, that was a suicide mission for me. But thank God my brain worked so fast that I came to my senses and I thought of the window. My bedroom was at the far end of the compound and from it, there was just a garden. I asked my self how will I be able to escape without being seen and without being burnt? But I said Ll in all I will die so I have either to die from outside or inside here.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I went to the window and tried all that I could but now fire was everywhere because they had poured kerosene all around the house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Even the window was now impossible to use because it was already hot but I said I would rather die trying. I opened the window, it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t that big enough but with my small body size, I could go through. I had to open the window as slow as I could and ensure that no one heard. While opening, I burnt my fingers but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t care at that time because that was a very small pain from the one that I could experience later. I successfully opened the window and went through but that didn\uc0{\u8217}t leave me with burnt scares, even up-to-date I still have them. After I successfully escaped, I went through the woods because that was the only escaping root from the garden.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After escaping I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what happened back there but I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t even able to run to my family be as I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want them to be involved and I was protecting my kids. When I reached the Roadside because it was now dark but vehicles were passing and fortunate enough, one trailer passed and when I stopped it they stopped. I look like a kid because I am this kind of a person with a small body even up to now, people doubt if these kids are mine because I look very young.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They asked me where I was heading and I told them anywhere. They looked at me and then at each other and they told me to climb in. They drove for a very big distance and due to all the cry and pain that I was feeding, sleep finally took over and I slept. I woke up and I asked where we had reached and they said at the border of Burundi and Rwanda. But they stayed at me in amusement. And I asked why they looked at me like that and one of them said \uc0{\u8220} your face is swollen and you look terrible. You have to clean up but where are you going?\uc0{\u8221} I wanted to talk and narrate to them what had happened but the moment I opened my mouth to talk, only tiredness flowed from my years and I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t able to even say a word. They looked at each other and told me that it\uc0{\u8217}s okay if I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to share. They told me I needed time and if I was ready they would help me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They stepped out and when I was alone a cried all I could because they pain, reality and loneliness was now what I was feeling. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t just believe what had happened last night and how I am going with strangers not knowing how much danger I will be facing and how much danger I had left my children in. They had gone to the near Bush which I assume they had gone to help themselves. I collected myself together before they could come back and I calmed down.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When they came in they said that we will be now crossing the border and that they were heading into a country called Kenya. But now it will be impossible to cross the borders with me but they needed to do something to help. One of them took out the phone and called someone. After the call they told me someone will come to pick me at the border and when they are done cleaning me and finding a crossing route for me, they will get me at the next location.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We had a drive of about 30 min and a call was made again. They stopped at a location that 2as busy, it looked like a small town and when they stopped some woman and man came running together in the car and it stopped. They greeted each other and talked a bit while exchanging words, all that time I was just inside the car. They called me to get out and I hesitated for a moment. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to leave only people that now I \uc0{\u8220}knew \uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} for strangers again. But one of them came and told me that was his family and they will help me cross the border and even get me some documents. They said we will spend two days before crossing the border and that was enough for them so get me some documents.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To be continued \uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}..}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}