{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy02\hr17\min26\sec18}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy02\hr17\min26\sec18}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gemy sneaks back into the same Chinese }{\cf0\f0\i depanneur}{\cf0\f0  corner shop one week later. They sell sticky but pleasant bread these Chinese who now dominate Boston subway and surburban corner shops. But today Gemy is not here for bread. He vows to punish the proud cashier properly by buying beer and }{\cf0\f0\i Parisienne }{\cf0\f0 washing machine powder in one go unlike last week when he was forced to buy just washing powder. So, Gemy is in gritty mood as usual. At first he give the cashier a crispy $20 bill for a $2,80 Stella Artois beer \uc0{\u8211} and holds back the washing powder like an apprentice thief.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What of that?\uc0{\u8221} the Chinese girl points to the slightly hidden powder that Gemy is clipping under his armpits. Boston is now festered with petty thieves nowadays.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Separate transactions. Separate people,\uc0{\u8221} Gemy tells her pointing to both the beer and the washing powder.\uc0{\u160}He is uncompromising i9n both speech and body stride today.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She smiles at Gem, emotionally disarmed and defeated by his swift replies and returns to him $17, 20 cents change without her frowns which she dished the previous week. Then, at the very last, Gemy turns over to the cashier washing powder and a sparkling $20 bill, himself satisifed that he is not thought of to be a thief. She \uc0{\u769}s baffled and runs the money through her till again as if she doubts the aunthenticity of Gemy\uc0{\u8217}s notes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I won! I got my exact coins change, for rent. $375. In seven days I have returned to punish her, properly, Gemy rejoices in his thoughts as he strolls quick out of the shop\uc0{\u8217}s door. This is the refugee hassle for loose change money to pay rent in cashless Boston where retail tap machines have replaced the actual US dollars, thinks Gemy. I end up a harmless liar and fruitful apprentice American by trying to wrangle out loose coins and notes change in cashless Boston.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He stomps the footpath back to his home and whistles to drown out his boredom and small egoistal win in the Chinese corner shop. It\uc0{\u8217}s nothing really, he thinks but in the cold, unpenetratable lonileness of the refugee mind, any bizarre small victory is worth the day. When he finally arrives home, instantly, Gemy is the happiest man in America. A letter from the Boston District Immigration Judge is stuffed in the postal box, hanging like a cancelled insurance policy letter. Gemy has won asylum and permission to apply for a Green Card in the US. He leaps to the ceiling, fashions a fist in the air, bangs his chest out until he realizes that which is stamped at the back of his asylum permit: }{\cf0\f0\i Holder is not allowed to work in sex parlors.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Damn it! Damn it Boston, damn it immigration!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Asylum in America is a great compassion and punishment, feels Gemy, dangling a glass of Cognac where out of unbridled and unscripted joy, he has poured Stella Artois beer into a wine glass. Aslyum is compassion that; we are so glad you are here in America, safe from torture in Africa or whereever we think Africa is; but darling, we are gonna ban you from steaming off your sex drive in our Boston massage hotels. This is the price of a positive asylum win in America, muses Gemy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Elated, Gemy bumps down his flat \uc0{\u769}s red brick stairs to a black kindergarten teacher who sits alone, daily, inside the heated bus shelter by his gate. He crashes into her presence unable to contain himself. He waves the paper in her face, joyfrul of his circumstances and unsure whether to announce to strangers or simply whacky his fists around, alone like a teenager who hyas received a shiny new motorbike on their birthday gift.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Wow, asylum!\uc0{\u8221} claps the kindergarten teacher on reading the contents of Gemy\uc0{\u8217}s glamourous immigration letter and quickly changes tack.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I sold my iPad to buy my Green Card,\uc0{\u8221} she tells Gemy when she bares her coat and quickly asks for help out of the blue. \uc0{\u8220}Zip me off; too warm; tight.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Gemy fumbles his lips outwards, trapped by the proposal which suddenly swerved from celebrating his asylum win to something more personal and very unusual. At last he winds down her zip, careful not to touch any of her skin lest a sexual assault claim could ruin his asylum win and get him deported to wherever he came from. \uc0{\u8220}I m a happy refugee,\uc0{\u8221} Gemy tells her tamely playing ping-pong with just her jacket\uc0{\u8217}s zip and strictly nothing more.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}There are no refugees in America,\uc0{\u8221} she replies candidly, swerving her waist so that she fits better in the jacket. It\uc0{\u8217}s about her always, damn selfish her, Gemy curses under his saliva.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What?\uc0{\u8221} Gemy howls, replying her at last.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She gets into her drive seeing that the conversation has just made a turn to be about her and not Gemy\uc0{\u8217}s immigration win. She narrates to Gemy of what she says are ongoing fake immigration marriages in Boston, LA, Florida and New York and omits to say whether she has taken part in one herself. ICE and Homeland Security border officers are smashing doors at night to see if couples applying for a marriage Green Card were indeed sharing a bed, she claims.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Your marriage is fake is you\uc0{\u8217}re not wearing pajamas in bed,\uc0{\u8221} she mouths off showing her disdain for immigrants and increasingly clipping in his cheeks whenever the word immigrant crosses her chat. Couples are pulled into separate rooms by aggressive ICE and Homeland Security officers and both asked intimate details about favourite sex positions, any brand of sex toys, exact days of contraception use, and any serious thoughts of abortion, she claims again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hearing her, Gemy freezes and parses his eyelids afterwards. He has lost a grip on the conversation and she has seized the moment. That\uc0{\u8217}s when Gemy realizes for the first time \uc0{\u8211} \uc0{\u160}}{\cf0\f0\i fifteen months after landing in America, I am still figuring out how to walk away from a xenophobic black woman!}}\par
\sect
}