{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy17\hr00\min47\sec24}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy17\hr00\min47\sec24}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This story tells about a man called Patrick whose wife was influenced by a friend to chase her mother-in-law from home without knowing that the pillar of her marriage was the mother-in-law. After all her plans to chase her mother-in-law, she finally discovered that she was totally wrong to do so and this boosted her union with the mother-in-law.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Patrick was a man living in Bukavu, the Easter part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. At his home place, he was the only child staying with his widowed mother Maria after the death of the father some years ago. Seeing that the widow was a businesswoman, she then managed to send her son Patrick to a University in Bukavu until he got his Master\uc0{\u8217}s Degree in Medicine at UCB(Universit\uc0{\u233} Catholique de Bukavu). When he was still at the university, his mother got familiar with a girl called Nsimire, who used to buy clothes at her shop. The mother appreciated the behavior of the girl and planned to prepare her as his son\uc0{\u8217}s wife without telling neither the son nor the girl. What the mother worked on, was to ensure the lady was also studying and if she had no boyfriend. Being friends, the girl could talk about herself to Patrick\uc0{\u8217}s mother and this one took advantage to advise her to keep on studying first without wasting time on being in love with a boy. The girl also appreciated the advice without knowing what the woman meant by her advice.Two years later after Patrick graduated, he got a job at Panzi General Hospital and this made him think about getting married . One day at home, Patrick introduced the idea of getting married to his mother and then the mother asked him if he had already found a girl to marry. \uc0{\u8221} There is a girlfriend called Celine that we knew each other at the university, and this is the one I would marry\uc0{\u8221} answered Patrick. When the mother heard that, she reposted nothing but took time to know more about Celine. In doing so, the mother happened to know her. Comparatively to Celine, she preferred Nsimire for her personal reasons and this pushed her to explain to her son about Nsimire because she was still coming to shop and this is how Patrick also knew her. During the conversation, both the mother and her son shared ideas on some points until they finally decided to marry Nsimire. Three days after the conversation, Patrick met Nsimire at their home place to propose to her and the girl successfully agreed with Patrick. From there, the plan to get married started its process until its achievement. The two families agreed on the dowry requirements and allowed the children to get married. Some years later after getting married, a friend of Nsimire whose name was Aim\uc0{\u233}e, advised Nsimire that it was not good to live with her mother-in-law in the same compound. Hearing this, Nsimire started planning to create misunderstanding between her mother-in-law and her husband by falsely reporting things about her mother-in-law to Patrick. All of this, had as objective to separate from her mother-in-law wanting Patrick to buy another house either for his mother or their own but Patrick got very confused and missed what to decide because he still acknowledged the goodness of his mother and nothing could separate him from his widowed mother. On the sides of the mother and Celine, they really stopped being in harmony until they could not even greet each other while at home. The mother decided to have her own kitchen and stopped eating Nsimire\uc0{\u8217}s meal. This problem persisted so much and Patrick failed to react. One weekend evening, Patrick came up with an idea to go out with his wife. Arriving at the beach, they enjoyed themselves and had talks. During the talks, Patrick revealed to his wife how he happened to marry her thanks to his mother who took time to prepare her since he was still at the university. He even told the wife how he was about to marry Celine and what the mother did to change his own choice. Finally, he showed how he could not understand his wife to separate from his mother yet the source of their marriage was her. While Patrick was sadly explaining everything, tears were pouring on Nsimire\uc0{\u8217}s face before she knelt down for her husband for apology. After this, they went back home and Nsimire followed her mother-in-law to express her apologies by revealing the name of her friend who was pushing her to separate from the mother-in-law. All the three people forgave one another and decided to ban any communication between Nsimire and Aim\uc0{\u233}e. From there on, Nishimwe and her mother-in-law became best friends until today.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}