{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy15\hr16\min49\sec46}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy15\hr16\min49\sec46}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On one of my casual bored days, I was simply scrolling through my Facebook feed and I stumbled upon a profile of an irresistibly cute boy named Allan. I could not resist the idea of sending him a friend request and I was thrilled when he accepted my request after one day of waiting. That one day of waiting for the approval notification seemed like an eternity as I continuously checked my notifications for this one notification. We then chatted briefly, talked to each other about what we did and got to know one another. He later informed me that he preferred talking on phone rather than over social media and asked me to share my number with him. My heart skipped at this instance and I hastily shared my number with him. We immediately started talking over phone. We would have long phone calls lasting about one hour and the connection over phone felt mutual. We literally talked about anything from life, to work, to religion. We found out that we shared the same interests and also had a similar sense of humor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The more we talked frequently, the more I began developing feelings for Allan. I found myself thinking about him all the time and eagerly looked forward to our daily evening conversations on phone. I knew what I felt inside my heart towards him, but I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t sure if he felt the same way because he had not made his feeling towards me clear. Knowing that he was religious, I decided to invite him to my church for the overnight prayers on 31st December to enter into the New Year with him in prayer. To which he agreed and told me he had also wanted to go to his church for the prayers but we could be at my church from 08:00 pm to 01:00 am, then head to his church till morning since the prayers were for the entire night.The day came and the first time we met was at church. I arrived earlier than him and booked him a set next to mine. When he later arrived, he called me and I moved out to go and pick him. I remember telling him \uc0{\u8220}You are so handsome\uc0{\u8221} immediately I glanced at him physically. He smiled back and told me \uc0{\u8220}You are a beautiful lady.\uc0{\u8221} This brought chills down my spine. He was so smart and smelt so good. The composure he had was simply out of this world. My evening had been made!We then proceeded inside church and continued with prayers followed by praise and worship. It wasn\uc0{\u8217}t an easy night of prayer for me as all I was thinking about was him. At ten minutes to midnight, the entire congregation was asked to move outside church to observe the fireworks display. It was such a spectacular moment celebrating the entry into a new year with someone I had grown fond of and attached to. All the hours we were together felt magical. I could literally feel butterflies in my stomach the moment he stretched his hands out and gave me a hug right minutes into the New Year. This was the best hug I have ever received. Allan was tall, muscular and handsome and every bit of his tight hug could be felt.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was fast approaching 01:00 am and we now had to move to his church. We boarded a motorcycle taxi, both of us seated behind the rider. I was sandwiched between him and the rider. I could feel Allan\uc0{\u8217}s hands engulfing me as we rode through the cold night. In the nick of time we had arrived at his church. Since we arrived in the wee hours, we got a back seat. Fast forward, morning came and we had to part ways as he was returning home. He escorted me until a place where I could find a taxi. He gave me a very tight hug again that I enjoyed so much. I was actually waiting for this hug again since I had felt every inch of the first one. When I reached home, I sent him a text that I had arrived safely and he texted me back he had reached well and was glad we had finally met.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next day, I poured my heart out to tell him exactly how I felt about him. I told him that I liked him and wanted to see if we could be more than just friends. I reassured him that I was madly attracted to him and loved how handsome he was, how he had a cute smile, how nice he smelt and how I felt butterflies whenever we would talk. To my dismay, he told me he didn\uc0{\u8217}t feel the same way. He said \uc0{\u8220}I appreciate you as a friend but I don\uc0{\u8217}t have romantic feeling for you.\uc0{\u8221} This shattered me and made me feel small. I blamed myself for letting the cat out of the bag and informing him how I felt about him. Maybe I should have waited to pour out my heart to him? Maybe I should have waited for him to say something about how he felt first? I felt embarrassed to know that I had told him that I liked him yet he did not feel the same way towards me. I was disappointed but decided to move on. I continued to talk to him, but it was difficult knowing that he did not feel the same way. Eventually, I realized that it was time to accept that we were just friends and nothing more.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite the disappointment, I was grateful for the experience. I had met a great friend and had got a lesson from this whole experience that sometimes things do not work out the way we hope, but that does not mean we can\uc0{\u8217}t still enjoy the journey. I had a memorable time knowing him and fantasizing about everything and at the end of it all I had to settle for the middle ground.}}\par
\sect
}