{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy09\hr13\min54\sec39}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy09\hr13\min54\sec39}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is morning I was born chubby and whit body. My mother always say my age is older for fear people\uc0{\u8217}s opinion.It\uc0{\u8217}s been morning.! I run in the Streets and take Aziz\uc0{\u8217}s chador to go her Friend Mrs Soghra house, who is a janitor. in ahouse and sh is very hospitable. how sweet it is for me, a child to see them both.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Eeting the food she cooked for us was very delicious and returning home and my mother\uc0{\u8217}s surprise that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t go back to school agine!!Drinking simple tea whit them had so the meaning of life for me. Footnote (Aziz was my father\uc0{\u8217}s first wife who never became a physically a mother, but her soul is our mother forever)I was running away from going to School and my sister and me always played\uc0{\u160} the role of a sick person ,so that we didn\uc0{\u8217}t have to go to school, Just being whit Aziz ,it was enough for us. She cooks and we let us get a fresh life near her .}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 her presence was enough to taste life and be away from that prison for even one day. The School wanted to make something out of me that was not in me and this is the beginning of all the dualities in my being}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is not long since the morning that Aziz goes and deep pain lives in me. her chador gave the smell of the life and her hug had\uc0{\u160} had fragrance of heaven. maybe I see agine\uc0{\u160} in my dreams .her table line was endless.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She loved my mother who\uc0{\u160} was beautiful and younger than her, same of he own daughter and loved us like her own children.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is noon now. I\uc0{\u8217}m a passionate teenager and I\uc0{\u8217}m going to the art school in pursuit of my dreams to give the new life to painting that was\uc0{\u160} companion of my years of life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t see any things in that abandoned art school expect of artless teachers only the breaks time, the smell of fried buffet food, and.. The eating of the collective hands of the office staff, who were getting fatter and uglier every day. especially with their tight and long scarf, there was nothing special about it. we were forced to spend the day there with dark scarf and all our Stuffs, our work was repeated practice one skill by gouache on a card board and laughing at our own jokes. but we forgot our goal and ideals. but it left me a sweet remembered memory of my best friends that became a ointment balm for all my regrets .}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 little by little, my beliefs were formed my\uc0{\u160} believes ,and\uc0{\u160} I grew up with sense of spirituality and pure love To world.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is evening, I\uc0{\u8217}m in the university class of Mrs Mahlagha, she says about Kafka , Gabriel Marquez and post modernism ..i am drunk or full of from all that information only a Few professors likes him love their work and you will benefit from their class. the rest of professors only repetition that bullshit the classic of a few centuries ago and are waiting for monthly salary, boring classes withe out any useful meaning.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A little pass of evening, a guest in the name of the love comes in my house until to be together the rest of our life. unaware\uc0{\u160} It is lust with crooked fantasy, fantasy imagination}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But I fight to believe that all of the love is avers of Hafiz \uc0{\u8217}s verses *}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}o true Beloved thy well-wisher, I am and this I know that thou Knowest,\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 text footnote\uc0{\u8221} khawajeh shams al_Din Muhammad Hafiz \uc0{\u8211} e \uc0{\u8211} Shiraz (also spelled Haf\uc0{\u305}z) born between 1310 and 1337 & believed to have died at age 69)he\uc0{\u160} is a famous Persian poet is it possible to ask true or pure love of false dummies these days\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is near sunset. My father goes. he was an old and tired poet, it doesn\uc0{\u8217}t take long that it is Muhammad\uc0{\u8217}s turn to take him to a far away but close land in my dream. foot hot\uc0{\u8221} Mohammad was my young brother, left this world at the age of 24 by the accident)In me, a happy girl with innocent laughter turned off forever.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is evening, I\uc0{\u8217}m still stay in the after moon. migrated to another country to find that lost in me again: But the big part of me stay or left behind , in elementary school, art school and university that is full of stress and good or bad days. Every night I go back to those days with Muhammad and nothing else was born in me , expect missing and swallowing in the fact life is dying in living. like the other half of me\uc0{\u160} That Somewhere else with dead who travels to the old days,still goes to school with her fears and lives that dark prison. and the other half of me is living in a false reality that will be the scenario of my morbid dreams, in the evening.Is there a border between reality and mind? or just all of them are a picture of a dream, like a bubble in your hands!!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is night, and in its black heart of night, my daughter was born. her eyes are similar to mine. Except of her, I have left behind others, even a part of my self. Being a long with her is most beautiful for me than any group. I am living with dualities and I like it because of myself is the face and Character of duality .Sometimes grumpy, hate and and or Sometimes smiling or love and other times beautiful or ugly..I\uc0{\u8217}m tired, It is coming dawn and my other half of me is on the way and waiting for me a sweet sleep.}}\par
\sect
}