{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy28\hr10\min26\sec38}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy28\hr10\min26\sec38}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Interestingly, this year two weeks before Easter holiday I had already started packing my bags for the holiday. I normally visit my family back home, Zimbabwe every two months but this year since the December festive period I had not visited the family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mind was already preoccupied by what the Easter holiday would be like. As a family we had agreed to have our Easter holiday at our rural home in Buhera, Manaicaland. This is unlike other years we spent the holiday in Rusape a small town about 250 km from Harare, Zimbabwe.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In March, Zimbabwe is blessed with beautiful scenery. Crops and plants stand tall obeying the cool winds sweeping through the green valleys and mountains. But not only that, the catch is on new crops that will be ready for harvest. This really aroused our appetite to be in our rural area since we were going to enjoy among others wild fruits, such as tsubvu(a fruit that is black, sweet and darken teeth if consumed) and tsvanzva(Sourplum)\uc0{\u160} and mealies.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Finally, two days before the big Easter holiday I travelled back home using public transport from Beitbridge to Rusape, my home town. The Trip Trans bus departed Beitbridge at 8pm and spent the whole night travelling to Mutare. I really could not tell what the vegetation and the crops looked like since it was night time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Around 6 am we arrived in Mutare and I rushed for another Trip Trans bus to Rusape.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All the way from Mutare to Rusape is a belt of\uc0{\u160} farms. The farms are along an area\uc0{\u160} which is considered\uc0{\u160} as one of the Zimbabwe rain belts. Farmers along this belt\uc0{\u160} usually have good harvest.\uc0{\u160} Most of them grow\uc0{\u160} maize, tobacco, others do cattle ranching.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As we passed the beautiful scenery of \uc0{\u8220}Christmas Pass\uc0{\u8221} from Mutare I could not believe what I was noticing on the farmers. Some maize crops were turning brownish while in other farms no crops were planted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}This is almost the end of March. We are supposed to see all green in the farms as usual but it seems this is a drought spell,\uc0{\u8221} I was murmuring to myself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In an hour\uc0{\u8217}s time I was in Rusape, welcomed by my wife and the family. After two days we had to leave for the Buhera area, my rural home. The district is usually struck by drought spells.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}If some crops along the Mutare- Harare road are experiencing very little rainfall, what is happening in my home area?\uc0{\u8221} I was wondering.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We arrived home at night. The following day I visited friends and family members in the village. I passed through one of the homesteads in the village. Owners of the household had grown maize and groundnuts at the yard.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What caught my attention was the state of the maize crops. Sure a hectare of maize crops showed no life. This is the only means of putting food on the table for this family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Speaking to me, Mandizvidza owner of the piece of land had no clue on how to provide food for her family. \uc0{\u8220}My husband has been in Harare\uc0{\u160} for almost a year seeking employment but could not secure any. Just check the state of the maize in my fields,\uc0{\u8221} said Mandizvidza pointing at the one hectare of maize field. The maize crops were all wilting.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mandizvidza has 4 children all below the age of 18.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She (Mandizvidza) had hatched a temporary plan to secure the small amount of food she had for the family, reducing meals to one per day. The meal would be served around 3 pm. \uc0{\u8220}This is a very difficult situation for my children but they have to learn to adjust to that,\uc0{\u8221} she said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In most cases the meal will be thick porridge with cabbages.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This situation is not particular to Mandizvidza but to most communities in Buhera District. The District offers very little employment opportunities. Some communities have drilled their boreholes and run food gardens while others find it very difficult.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Meanwhile, according to Zimbabwean newspaper,The Herald, President\uc0{\u160} Emmerson Munangangwa vowed that no one will die of hunger in Zimbabwe.}}\par
\sect
}