{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy04\hr10\min46\sec13}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy04\hr10\min46\sec13}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar \qc{{\cf0\f0 ONE NIGHT IN DIEGOKI CITY}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The three friends decided to think out of the box and toured Diegoki City in one night.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 During a certain night in the Diegoski, three friends agreed on something. It was late at night when Isaac, Jack, and Leon decided to think beyond the box.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Isaac told his friend, \uc0{\u8221}What if today we decide to do something we have never done before?\uc0{\u8221} Jack suggested, \uc0{\u8221}It can be great if we do it during this night because some of us have been spending our night only sleeping, we have never tried something different before during the night\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Leon said \uc0{\u8221}What if we spend this night doing tourism? I mean, trying to see what some places from our city look like during the night time, trying to enjoy the silence that reigns and the emptiness of the road when the night reaches, also trying to see how long the stars and the moon take to disappear from the sky. They all agreed to spend the night walking and discovering what they never knew about the nighttime in Diegoki City.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When they started their journey, they saw a cat on the roof of a certain house and started arguing. Isaac said the cat sees properly when it\uc0{\u8217}s nighttime because her eyes lighten in the darkness. Leon asked, is that why it always stays on the rooftops of the houses during the nighttime? Isaac answered the cat enjoys staying at the top because even in the bedroom the cat always like being on the bed and not on the floor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They now reached the way that is parallel to the road. In that way, they were likely to see the road and everything happening there. Jack said \uc0{\u8221}This can be the best time to learn how to drive since there is no traffic jam. You can be free to learn and understand much about driving a car because of the silence and the emptiness of the road. You can cross, you can accelerate, and you can take a break anyhow as long as there is no crowd.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They reached a certain place where they saw a sea and there they decided to take a rest and end their journey. Leon tried to dive in and experience the seawater around night. Once in, he started calling Jack and Isaac. \uc0{\u8220}Hey there! You have to come and experience this incredible feeling too. it is just the same as sleeping in the middle of night in a quiet room and in a bit cold bed. You will not wish to leave this water\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His friends refused to go by saying \uc0{\u8220}If you think that being in the water is something we love, you are wrong, we just love to look at the water but not get in it. So, feel at ease bro!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The night moment has not been long for the day to reach, which gave everyone something in mind that they experienced in the night moment.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After going through this journey then the next morning all of them decided to write down their analysis about their experience concerning yesterday\uc0{\u8217}s night.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Leon wrote, \uc0{\u8220}If you admire silence, please visit the night moment. After spending the whole night visiting different places, I have realized that this is the most silent moment of the day. Especially being near the sea where you can find only the sound of water and some species that drink that water from the sea!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jack wrote, \uc0{\u8220}The best time to reflect is night.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160} Last night I was able to generate ideas on how I can reach my goal of becoming a successful entrepreneur with the small capital I have. The night moment expanded what I had in mind and made my perspectives very complete. Nighttime is the best to think\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the end, Isaac also wrote and read to his friends that \uc0{\u8220}anyone who likes designing pictures should visit the night moment. Last night I saw a better image of our city of Diegoki. It looked wonderful with an appreciable calm nature that I could watch while being on the mountains with passion and a great attraction to keep looking at the artistic image that could reflect beauty. Even though some places were not visible, the ones that were, made my night. Diegoki city looks perfect at night.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\sect
}