{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo09\dy13\hr15\min10\sec43}{\revtim \yr2022\mo09\dy13\hr15\min10\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Most people see the little mermaid as an entertaining kids film. For those who like to think deeply about it, the movie is an allegory for the events in The Garden of Eden in the Book of Genesis. In the case of The Little Mermaid the character of Ariel represents Eve. Ariel makes a deal with Ursula to go above the surface and gave her voice as payment, which is like making a deal with the devil. When Ariel finally does get to the surface she has to struggle without her voice. I feel that this story closely mirrors my own struggle to express myself as well as my spiritual struggles.In 2002 I graduated from the Henry Viscardi school. I was thrilled to be the valedictorian of the senior class. One of the responsibilities is to deliver an address to the audience at the graduation ceremony. I have cerebral palsy which only affected me physically and not at all intellectually. I consider this a miracle. My brain scans when I was an infant showed damage to the speech and motor areas of my brain. It was difficult for most people to understand me, so up until 2002 I was not at all confident when speaking to most people I saw on a daily basis. I was only confident when speaking to those that could really understand me like my family, friends, or therapists. My friends would interpret for me during class and in almost every situation where someone had difficulty understanding me. This was a very frequent occurrence. As you can imagine, the trust I had to have had in my friends was pretty absolute because they were essentially my voice during the school day. There were people who wanted me to use communication boards or computer programs that would speak for me. But my mother was totally against this. She believed that I would eventually get better at speaking and not need any assistive devices to help me speak. My mother turned out to be right. I started to find confidence on the night I graduated and gave the speech. I consider this the night I began down the road to all the other accomplishments I have done in my life up to this point.The people who wanted me to use assistive speech devices never dreamed that I would make a speech like I did on that night. I remember so clearly: I was in the school gymnasium, the chairs were blue and white \uc0{\u8211} our school colors \uc0{\u8211} and I was up on the stage with the teaching assistant from my English classes to turn the pages for me. I was very nervous even though I had rehearsed the speech more times than I could count and I pretty much had it memorized by that point. That afternoon, during rehearsals, my speech therapist said I had given the speech almost perfectly. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know if she was telling me the whole truth or just trying to give me more confidence to go out there and try my best on stage that night. But, whatever her motive, what she did worked. I went out and did my absolute best with the speech and everybody really liked it. The last line of the speech was: \uc0{\u8220}we are going into a new dawn.\uc0{\u8221} I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know how true this would turn out to be about my life. At the end of the ceremony all of the teachers stood in an arch formation and graduates went underneath their outstretched arms. This had a particular impact on me because I was elated that I just accomplished my first really big step to becoming the person I wanted to be. I felt like Ariel breaching the surface for the first time.When I was 16, two years before I graduated from HVS, I walked into a place that would eventually become my home away from home. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know it then but this group would not only show me how to live in society at the current moment but also how to conduct the rest of my life. I eventually learned how to be a Christian as well as what it means to be a leader. I completed the four year youth group program at Saints Phillip and James and then stayed as a member of the staff for another fourteen years through my college career at Stony Brook University. It also opened the gateway to the spiritual sides of myself which up until the point I went to the youth group I had not only avoided but almost pretended that those parts of me didn\uc0{\u8217}t exist. This period of my life had an impact on all the other facets of my life such as my emotional core as well as my socialization and my physical wellbeing.ReplyForward}\par
\sect
}