{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy23\hr21\min53\sec46}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy23\hr21\min53\sec46}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I always wished to start a business but I have been struggling to know how and where to invest my small capital that I have. In a discussion with a friend of mine who is also my neighbor, I learned that he was doing a business of selling phones. I approached him and asked more about his business. I was amazed with the profits that he told me that he was getting from just selling one phone. When we did the math, he told me that on each phone, he can get triple amount of profit from the one he invested.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was curious to know how he older the phones that he sells. When I asked him, he told me that he has a friend from China who helps him to ship the phones to him after he has placed some order online. He showed me a website called Alibaba and he showed me how he navigates through it. He showed me an example of Samsung phones. He told me that he can pay $160 to older 10 Samsung S10+ smartphones. I was like how is that possible. I told him that there was no way he can older 10 Samsung smartphones at such a cheapest price.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I told him that if that is the case, he should help me get 30 phones and I will be adding $50 and pay him $210 instead of $160. He promised me that I should give him sometime and he will get back to me after talking to his Chinese friend. I told him that he should take his time and whenever he is ready, I will give him the money. I was very excited that I am was going to be my own boss since I will soon own a business.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It has been 2 months now and when I try to contact my friend regarding the order, he does not respond to me. In my mind I was like why can you not find out yourself if the guy is not a scammer by visiting the website he talked about. When I visited the website, I found a different story. The phones were expensive and the prices that he talked about does not exist. Instead, I found out that the phones are sold at the price of $170 and they are second hand phone. The brand new ones cost $250 per piece which is a different story that I heard from my friend.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was disappointed in my friend for lying to me and I believe that he wanted to scam me. When he asked for money in advance, I told him that it is not possible. In my heart, I could feel like something was wrong and I could not trust him with my money. I am not happy with my friend because he played with my feelings by assuring me that I was going to do business with him. The most hurting thing is that my plan of starting my own business of selling phones did not succeed.}}\par
\sect
}