{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy06\hr15\min57\sec44}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy06\hr15\min57\sec44}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 http://F r e s h t a: Orange 1: They are wring at you. the white plastic bag of orange and\uc0{\u160} his hand in his right pocket _that could be your hand_. You try to keep your head, but something push you to a time when you were still in your class and you were allowed to laugh at his jokes and he always shocked and were looking with his eyes wide open at your grades. He was cool, funny, polite and a little bit lazzy. Not that he doesn\uc0{\u8217}t study at all. It\uc0{\u8217}s just that studying was not as important as it is to you. As for most boys. He got less grades than you and studied less than you. You look at him, crumple your hand in your right pocket and think about the 30% you rejected. The 30 person that now he is buying oranges by. You know that now, if you improve your English a hundred times more than him and even if you get 120 in the international TOEFL exam, let alone the orange, that even from the money with which you can buy a chewing gum or pay for bus to escape home\uc0{\u160} for some hours in the days that all things around are trying to suffocate you. The decree that Taliban announced was hitting your head, like an axe to a green tree. \uc0{\u8221}The Islamic Imarate of Afghanistan announces that girls and women are banned from working in any governmental or nongovernmental organization. Until the further notice female has not the right to work.\uc0{\u8221} Tomorrow, some educated, open minded women went out to fight for thier basic right. You were also there. But what happened? The Taliban shot, arrested some women, the women shouted, the men watched, you spitted one a Talib\uc0{\u8217}s back hidly, you scared, you cried. And what was the world\uc0{\u8217}s reaction? \uc0{\u8221}We strongly condemn this decision of the Taliban!\uc0{\u8221} And you understood that United Nations is only a symbol. No one cares. You are alone. An 18 years old girl in front of a crucial army that hates you and tries to eliminate you. You fall back to the day when the guard stopped you at the Wassa\uc0{\u8217}s door where you were studying computer and allowed that young boy who was wearing smoked glasses and had long curly hair to enter. The tremor that had gripped your heart since the first day of their arrival crept into your voice and you barely could say the word\uc0{\u8221}why?\uc0{\u8221} . And he started like the black old radio of your grandfather: \uc0{\u8221}It is closed until further notice. Don\uc0{\u8217}t you have a TV? Last night they officially announced that all schools and educational centers are closed for girls until further notice. You know what this means. Only for girls. They even brought a letter yesterday. Last night, my daughter was crying until the morning. You know my daughter, my daughter studies from night to morning. She got the nickname of genius in her school. Like you, she always has a book in her arms. She finished her English last year. She teaches . What was the name of the course? Oh, I can\uc0{\u8217}t remember. I forgot. It had an English name. Old age and a thousand reasons my daughter. She\uc0{\u8217}s studying for Kankor examination and pays for his classes herself. But now\uc0{\u8230} But don\uc0{\u8217}t be sad, my daughter. Don\uc0{\u8217}t be sad. Did you see that night always stays night? Has anyone seen this? Kind Allah will punish this hard cruil people. My God, our God will order the earth to swallow These..\uc0{\u8221} If another young man did not come and interrupt the one-person conversation between you and the guard and you were not pushed back so that the boy who came later than you could inter before you, maybe he would never\uc0{\u160} stopped talking. Orange 2: You come to yourself. In fact they bring you to yourself. You bend down and pick up your entrance card from the ground, put it on your head. You hide yourself in it. In your forced chadar(veil), your enterance card. ashamed of the kind guard who called you a professor.\uc0{\u160} Ashame of your new shoes and\uc0{\u160} ashamed of all the male shoes who have permission to enter anywhere that you shoes don\uc0{\u8217}t. Ashamed of Farhanaz\uc0{\u8217}s big black back bag, on which you only changed your white\uc0{\u160} beautiful dress with. She waited a few days first. But when she saw that there is no further notice to let her go school, and she wasn\uc0{\u8217}t lucky enough to be in the first to sixth grades and be able to study, get beaten, pick his nails from the bottom and be under the tents that smelled of forty kinds of student\uc0{\u8217}s sweat and various perfumes of teachers in the hot sun, and in the mornings who falls asleep and gets late, bends and straightens himself twenty or thirty times and listens to advice every day; she exchanged her bag for your dress and for a long time was happy that she was able to fool you in that deal. Ashamed of your father who gave you money six days a week and emphasized that you don\uc0{\u8217}t walk all that commute, from all those who encouraged you all this time. You are ashamed of Gabriel Garc\uc0{\u237}a M\uc0{\u225}rquez, Mrs. Afsana Vahidyar and Anton Chekhov, who sat in your bag and watched your failures, and you hate yourself. You sit on the side of the road, where the path splits in half, you cry a lot, get up and walk the way you came again. This time without your entrance card and looking only forward, not down. You don\uc0{\u8217}t even wear the Veil where you have to wear. You say to yourself: \uc0{\u8221}why should I listen to them when they don\uc0{\u8217}t recognize me as a human and try not to let me breathe? And as soon as you arrive, you start kicking. But the door is stronger than you and\uc0{\u160} nothing happens to it. Or no, maybe it is screaming from the inside. You kick, you look and nothing changes, it\uc0{\u8217}s the same big black door with a handle that has been pulled too much and it\uc0{\u8217}s color is lighter and sadder. Just like the color of the city in you. The door is so similar to you. You were also screaming inside and apparently nothing changed and you still had the same eyes and body with the right to be nothing. You kick again and another man comes and he afraid of you and then joins the crowd of taxis and passersby whom are watching this circus. A woman\uc0{\u8217}s voice passes you and says, \uc0{\u8221}Shit. What they\uc0{\u8217}re doing with these shameless, wild girl is not even enough. And she\uc0{\u8217}s goes\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}