{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy04\hr18\min00\sec45}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy04\hr18\min00\sec45}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When my cousin Maria met her husband, her family was very poor. Her husband was well-off, but he would constantly remind her that if she hadn\uc0{\u8217}t married him, she would still be living in poverty. However, despite his wealth, he was abusive, both physically and emotionally. He would hit Maria even if she caught him cheating and taunt her by saying, \uc0{\u8220}Where did you come from to think you can give me children and cook for me?\uc0{\u8221} By this, he meant she should go sleep around with other men, all while he would receive calls from girls who would answer and insult her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Maria had no peace and was losing weight from the stress. Once, when he gave her 10,000 MK, she knew she would be beaten that month. Around that time, she met another man who asked her out. When Maria told him she was married, he said he knew, but added that her husband was just cheating, so why should she suffer? With that, an affair began.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This new man spoiled Maria and made her feel like she was doing something forbidden but exciting. He was generous like no one else, and all her worries vanished when she was with him. She stopped fighting with her husband. Sometimes she would call her husband to ask when he was coming home, and he would say tomorrow. Then, she would invite the other man over.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Maria\uc0{\u8217}s second child was her lover\uc0{\u8217}s, as well as her third and last. Out of her four children, three were from her boyfriend, and they were still together. He was now married, but they continued to meet. Maria found happiness in seeing her husband raise someone else\uc0{\u8217}s children because when he insulted and belittled her, she would remind herself that he was unknowingly raising another man\uc0{\u8217}s children, which gave her a sense of peace and satisfaction.}}\par
\sect
}