{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy29\hr14\min20\sec35}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy29\hr14\min20\sec35}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A young man slept on a mat for months,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a hidden house like a bat in the dark}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Inconsiderate of his preference}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At any distribution, he could quickly be on a queue,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 hands widely spread to receive food}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 or a cool concept with no resistance}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He dressed like a rainbow}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Failed to answer one question trillion times wherever he could go}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When asked What\uc0{\u8217}s your favorite color?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Is it black, white or something brighter?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He forgot his ideal color not because he had a memory loss}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He had never chosen anything before, his choices were tossed by costs}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He longed for congratulations and graduations}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 all that wasn\uc0{\u8217}t sufficient to keep him in motion}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 returning to his inside where the heaven is built with golden and honest curtains}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 he found his purpose in existence}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 faith kept him safe from death}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 death of fate he faced}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 he came out conqueror he raced}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 let innovations grow as you dig deeper with half hoes}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 he dug deeper with half hoes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But full of hope.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Internally astonished, just imagine us becoming the persons we wanted to be}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 we could only see that happening on TV.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 is it a daydream?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s grace as a gift.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s an added meaning to our lives}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We\uc0{\u8217}re not only meant to cry after gunshots}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 not meant to farm on dry lands}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We\uc0{\u8217}re meant to drink pure water from a pure source.}}\par
\sect
}