{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy29\hr15\min48\sec54}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy29\hr15\min48\sec54}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It started when i paid a visit to my grandpa who stayed in a rural areas. I remember it was in July after closing school that I bothered my father requesting him to take me to my grandpa that I might spend my holiday there. As usual, I liked to visit my grandpa because he was an expert in making our traditional banana juice known as umutobe. I knew when I go there he will offer me too much umutobe that will quench my thirst for the entire term. And when it will be the end of the academic term I will also inquire to visit grandpa for the same reason.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When he saw me and my dad, he could hardly believe his eyes. He called his wife who is also my grandma; \uc0{\u8221} Magdalen! Magdalen! your grandson is here!\uc0{\u8221} Grandpa softly said as he manifested happiness on his face. I could not wait for his hug, I run towards him and gave him a dip hug. My father was the second one to hug him; they spent almost two minutes hugging, and exchanging sweet words that illustrate how much they missed each other. Grandma came running to hug me, she was not as energetic as she was last year. I think she was getting old.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 -By the time we arrived, we found grandpa in his yard; He was making our traditional drink known as umutobe. I like umutobe too much. It is sweet and made from ripped bananas I believe that if you were also a child of my age, you would also love umutobe the same way. To welcome me, grandma offered me a jug full of umutobe. She knew I liked the juice!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Unfortunately, my father was not served anything since the juice was made right that time and not fermented. He liked the fermented one as a gentleman so, he had to wait for three days for the fermentation to take place.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After finishing my drink, I asked grandma for a permission to go out in the neighborhood in order to play with other young children of my age. I was eleven at that time. Grandma granted me the permission. Even though the permission was given, I feared my father or grandpa could have stopped me if any of them saw me going to play because they knew I was a trouble maker. I therefore hid myself from both of them, father and grandpa.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I found the boys playing soccer so I requested to join them and was given the access. The game ended one zero, we lost! While playing I was injured, it was just a small wound but it was bleeding though. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t feel the pain while playing but it was serious when I finished the game.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I immediately left after learning that it was getting worse but managed to reach home.\uc0{\u8221} What happened?oh my God! my grandson! \uc0{\u8221} grandma asked; Both my father and grandpa came to see what happened. It was just a bleeding wound on my left knee. grandpa looked for matches and stroke some and made fire from them. He was interested in the ashes of the burnt match head. He applied the ashes on my bleeding wounds. It was too painful that I wanted to urinate in my underwear . During the treatment process, grandpa advised me that when I get a wound I should be using ashes of burnt match head and the wound won\uc0{\u8217}t hurt any longer because the powder prevents infections from developing inside the wound. I asked him if he was a doctor but replied;\uc0{\u8221} that is our way to get a relief from fresh wounds.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He also told me that I can use table salt to also get a relief from a fresh wound instead. I requested him whether salt or burnt match head can be applied on an old wound.\uc0{\u8221} No\uc0{\u8221} he responded back. As a young man I was kin to learn a lot from him but that my father planned to go back home next I had to also arrange my clothes and say bye to the friends in the village. The holiday visit was too short for me but my father had already decided and there was no away to say no; I had to just obey.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When the morning came, my dad took me to his new bicycle back home from the holiday visit. Grandpa and ma waved to me and their son, my dad. By the time we arrived home, I did not have time to spend telling my mother about my holiday, I left that job to my father. Instead, I packed some salt and matches in my pocket and went to play with my friends in the neighborhood. While we were playing, i deliberately wounded one of my friends at his heel. My intention was to wound him so that i can apply the methods learnt from grandpa in the village during the holiday visit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now, there was a discussion between my wounded friend and I. The wounded friend new a different remedy to the ones that I knew. He wanted to urinate on the wound as to treat it but it was difficult for him to do it because the wound was on his heel. So, urinating to his heel was every big challenge.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then, he asked one of our friends to urinate on his wound but i denied him an access to do so because I wanted to be the one to heal him by using the new learnt tricks. I knew all my friends would praise me when the wounded friend would get better. But he said that he was using urine every now and then when he gets wounded and it was working. He therefore suggested to leave match head\uc0{\u8217}s powder or salt ! He was too angry with me. I was responsible to his wound and then was suggesting strange medicines for his treatment! When I saw that he insisted, I took the salt and rapidly put on his bleeding wound. \uc0{\u8221}Yooo!!\uc0{\u8221} ;He cried. The salt pained him so, some friends wanted to beat me up but others protected me that was my way to run away immediately. Some minutes after I heard from friends that he was no more limping. I knew the remedy worked,but I also knew that he felt pain, the pain from table salt and that was my happiness. Every time we go to play and get wounded we would use salt or burnt match head powder or our urine to get a relief from the wound.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As an eleven years old, I could not understand why most of the time when I go out to play with friends or learn knew skills would come back with bleeding wounds or scratches on the body and it was not only me but my friends also. This time around a friend suggested that we may learn how to ride a bicycle. I agreed and picked it from the place where dad used to hide it. I told my friend that I must begin to ride, he held the bicycle by its bag carrier and pushed while my one leg was on one right side of the pedal and another to the left side. It was amazing to learn a new skill , I felt completely happy. But my friend left the bag carrier deliberately, I lost control and the chain left its chain rings so ,i fell down. the chain rings penetrated in the calf of my right leg. I did not felt pain right that time,but I could only see while muscles in the calf.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I told the friend to urinate on my calf but he ran fast to bring ashes from a charcoal burner new our neighbor. It was strange to me but i also felt the same way I felt when I apply ashes produced from match head. So,i understood that ashes from any burnt material can be used to bring a relief to small wound. But I asked myself whether people who accidentally break their legs or other parts of the body can also apply our methods to bring a relief to their wounds ! But I do not think so! May be they will need to go to big hospitals for treatment.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I reached home my father saw me but encouraged me after hearing about what happened to me during the riding process. He told me that I was becoming a man now so, he would be going to find me a wife! But I knew he was joking because he was a bit civilized he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t do what he meant since I had no confidence in what he was telling me as a joke.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember the last time I saw my beloved grandpa and ma before I fled my country, It was very hard to move from one place to another at that time. People could violently slaughter others even in public transportation. Once in this time my dad and I were lucky we did not die because when we were going to visit grandparents after longtime of visit, rebels burnt a bus that was behind us. We narrated what was going to befall on us when we were on our way to the village. They all thanked God for our safety.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I escaped them when I heard them talking too much, I went in bananas fields. I hid myself there with a bunch of bananas. I was getting one banana after another when grandma was looking for me almost every where but she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t find me. I think they loved and checked on me every time because I was the only child for my father at that time, but now we are three. Suddenly a scorpion bit me and I screamed in pain! My father was the first person to reach out for my aid.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Grandma and pa were too old to run fast for my assistance but they wished they were as young as their son who reached where I was as early as they all heard my voice screaming for a help. My dad held me in his arms to where was grandpa. My grandma also rushed towards us to see what happened to his grandson. The small toe of my right leg was aching. immediately, grandpa ordered my grandma to bring him matches! At her age she could not run the way I saw she did for she run as if it was Lionel Messi who run to score a goal their opponent. Grandma immediately brought the matches ; grandpa did not wait to strike the matches and this time around he was interested in the flame of fire produced by matches and not the match head\uc0{\u180}s powder. My father He immediately use the flame to burn my skin right where the scorpion bit me. It was painful but the pain got finished after some minutes. I was expecting grandpa to use the powder from the match head but in vain.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I lifted my eyes to see everyone clearly; my dad was holding my legs that I may not kick them during the toe burning process. My grandma with a dad face was caressing my left hand that I may cool down. After some minutes, grandma picked me by hand to her kitchen. She socked several sweet potatoes in her traditional wood burner and she told me to not go out again. My father was too angry with me after getting a relief .he shouted at me that I should not escape them and go in the fields without informing them. We relaxed but grandparents suggested that we should not take long there since there was too much insecurity in the country. My father agreed with them and planned to come back home after visiting his cassava gardens which were a bit far from where grandparents lived. The next morning, grandma prepared us a luggage in side, ripped bananas, banana juice,and cassava. But I was afraid that rebels would kill us in the way back home ,but I hid the feelings from my father. It was sad to see my grandparents waving at me as my father was riding his bicycle. And that is my last time I saw and heard from them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Can you imagine ! When my first born fell down and get wounded, I used salt to calm down the wound\uc0{\u180}s pain while the youngest daughter was watching. I was surprised to see my youngest daughter applying salt on her wound when she cut herself with a knife .Now a days, both my daughters learnt to use either table salt or match head or ashes when they get wounded. Grandpa\uc0{\u180}s wound remedy is still living and now am afraid I had already passed it to my offspring.}}\par
\sect
}