{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy29\hr19\min51\sec17}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy29\hr19\min51\sec17}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am a girl whose boyfriend, Emeri struggled with alcoholism. Initially, drinking was not a problem. In fact, we enjoyed drinking together during our weekends and it felt normal. However, everything changed when he lost his job. To cope with the stress, he started drinking excessively, unable to afford the beers he used to enjoy. His alcoholism nearly destroyed our relationship. I held on because I remembered the good, loving man he used to be. Giving up without trying wasn\uc0{\u8217}t an option for me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The good days with my boyfriend were filled with joy and laughter. We loved spending time together, whether it was going for walks or just relaxing at his home. He always made me smile with his jokes and kind gestures. We enjoyed simple things like watching movies or listening to music, creating memories that made us feel close and happy. Those moments were special because we were together, sharing our love and enjoying each other\uc0{\u8217}s company without any worries.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Just two months ago, I sat at a funeral in our neighbourhood, absentmindedly scrolling through social media. That day, I spotted several testimonies. Among them was a fundraiser for Blessings hospital in Lumbadzi. I read the stories with disbelief, questioning the timing and motives behind sharing them. Still, I decided it couldn\uc0{\u8217}t hurt to try. That afternoon, I sent 20,000 Kwacha to the hospital, accompanied by a simple prayer. I told God that this was my seed, and I hoped for a change in my boyfriend\uc0{\u8217}s life to stop drinking.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A few days later, after another encounter of heavy drinking which led him to feel ill. At the hospital, tests revealed alarming levels of toxins in his body, putting him at risk of kidney failure. When I asked if alcohol could be the cause, the doctor confirmed it and advised him to stop or at least reduce his intake. Initially resistant, he eventually made a solemn promise. Since that day, he has not touched alcohol again. It has been seven months now since I sent that donation, transforming my life from misery to happiness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I can now sleep peacefully, free from the chaos and stench of alcohol. I urge others not to underestimate the power of charity, but also to accompany their actions with heartfelt prayers. This was not just a donation but it was a prayerful offering. Our days are filled with happiness and hope for the future. We enjoy simple pleasures together and cherish each moment. It\uc0{\u8217}s a new chapter of our lives where we\uc0{\u8217}ve grown stronger as individuals and as a couple. Our days are filled with happiness and hope for the future. We enjoy simple pleasures together and cherish each moment. It\uc0{\u8217}s a new chapter of our lives where we\uc0{\u8217}ve grown stronger as individuals and as a couple.}}\par
\sect
}