{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy29\hr11\min03\sec23}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy29\hr11\min03\sec23}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Pabase paDesire}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Usatambire panaDesire! Words that every parent in Chikanga screams to their children a every other day. As the children discussed at school about how the send off talk with their parents at home was, it always ended in a laughter when the Desire issue comes up. It was almost ubiquitous in every parental guidance talk. That\uc0{\u8217}s how bad publicity the place had attracted for itself. But what was this place, a tavern whose economy had grown to be the number one supplier of drugs to the youth in Chikanga, throwing their lives into the pits.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Desire was a young man, probably in his thirties. He had only been married to Peggy for about three years but was now divorced. His wife had cheated on him with one of his initial customers. The alpha male nature in him could not come to terms with forgiving her when she pleaded to stay. The local women had advised him to take her back saying ndozvinoita imba, vese vakangodaro to mean that that\uc0{\u8217}s what marriage is like and all women are the same. However all was in vain. The house at 2893 Chikanga had been left to him by his parents who had died of old age. As the last born son, he claimed the inheritance as his siblings were well established with their lives to want to compete with him for that property. Anyways, that could be his springboard to a better life as he had not been educated enough to score a decent profession.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Him being the landlord, he started to bring girls home which eventually led him to get Peggy pregnant forcing them to get married. This is when the pressure of taking care of a family started rising. Selling vegetables could make him buy the evening meal yes. What about Peggy\uc0{\u8217}s cravings and demands? What about the electricity and water rates? He had instructed his wife to keep the gate locked as a way to hide away from council people who came to cut unpaid electricity and water lines. However this was not sustainable, he did not want to live in a cage at his father\uc0{\u8217}s house. Desire decided to start selling alcohol.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They starved themselves for a few weeks taking one meal a day to raise money for Desire\uc0{\u8217}s startup. In a month\uc0{\u8217}s time, his business was up and running. Initially they were two customers who invited their four friends till the place was a go to chilling spot. He used to make this home brewed Chibuku sorghum beer which was loved by many because it was cheap and over fermented meaning the drunk effect would hit you quick. The first clashes with the neighbours came when he introduced music to his menu. One day he was visited by the council police after there was a tip off. Too bad for the neighbours he knew the officers who accepted his bribe and just told him to keep it low. The more the business grew, the more he became greedy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Desire then added weed to his pallet. This move attracted the school going youth to his place who could afford several blunts. Children started playing truancy killing time drowning in the proceeds Desire blessed them with. He started getting visits from mothers who would threaten to burn his place down for the works that he was doing.\uc0{\u8220}You are evil and are destroying the lives of our children,Satan!\uc0{\u8221} They would shout at him before he responded, \uc0{\u8220} I never forced your sons to come here, it\uc0{\u8217}s business ladies.\uc0{\u8221} This would infuriate the women who would drag their children away cursing him that he was to die in prison. However, for the times he got arrested for selling alcohol without a license, he was always out on bail in less than a week. This was because some politicians would support him as a way of laying their campaign platform to the eligible votes that had found favour with Desire\uc0{\u8217}s place. Some men would not go home in time which caused problems with their wives in addition to the fact that they were no longer bringing any money home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Desire\uc0{\u8217}s place kept on growing to the point that it attracted the attention of local unions who started campaigning against it. Schools began to use it as a reference when teaching about the effects of substance abuse. It was robbing people of their livelihoods and children of their future. As we speak, Desire\uc0{\u8217}s place is still a concern for the residents of the Chikanga suburb. He had devised means a sub stations which keep him in business during the days when there is temporary closure of his home by the police. More still needs to be done to ensure that he is no longer a menace. Say no to drugs!}}\par
\sect
}