{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy05\hr20\min20\sec03}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy05\hr20\min20\sec03}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 One day, I received an invitation to a girl's party, where much of the time was spent engaging in various activities like playing games, watching movies, enjoying music, and dancing. The table was adorned with a wide, colorful tablecloth featuring an array of delightful dishes with tempting aromas\uc0{\u8212}rice, lamb kebab, chicken, shami kebab, meatballs, eggplant, and dessert. Following the feast, a young woman entered the dining room, about 26 years old. She wore a long black shirt adorned with red flowers, complemented by her black hair and eyebrows. However, it was her sea-blue eyes that truly stood out, enhancing her overall beauty. Wrapped in a scarf around her hair, she diligently took on tasks such as washing dishes, making tea, and ensuring the guests were well-entertained.It was evident that she was there to work and earn a living, maintaining a clean and tasteful environment while executing her duties with honesty and a warm smile. Despite admiring her work, I couldn't help but notice the scratches on her thin hands, indicating the toll of her hard work.After greeting the guests and tidying up the dining area, my friend praised her, saying that Halima Jan was a kind and honest woman who diligently cleaned and organised everything daily. I questioned the necessity of such frequent cleaning, suggesting one or two days a week might be sufficient, but my friend insisted she did this every day.We were in need of someone to wash clothes, so I decided to approach her and inquire about the possibility. In the kitchen, amid her chores, I asked for a glass of water and struck up a conversation."Mrs. Halima," I began. Drying her hands with a napkin, she replied, "Please?" I continued, "We're looking for someone to wash and iron clothes. Would you be interested?"She answered, "If I had the time, I would. I work here every day and only have weekends off, preferring to stay at home." Accepting her situation, I thanked her and expressed my intent to find someone else for the job.Curiosity got the better of me, and I asked about her family. Halima shared that she had four children. Surprised at her age, I inquired, "You seem young to have four children. Are they boys or girls?"Halima clarified, "I got married at 16 and have three sons and two daughters." As our conversation progressed, a discrepancy emerged when she initially stated four children but later referenced five.Perplexed, I questioned her, "Earlier, you mentioned having four children, but now you say five. Can you clarify?"Halima began recounting a tale of hardship. At 16, she was married against her will to an unemployed and addicted man. Struggling to make ends meet by working in people's houses, she found herself unintentionally pregnant. Unable to afford proper nutrition or powdered milk, her infant daughter became a victim of dire circumstances, sold by her husband for 40,000 Afghanis.The pain in Halima's voice was palpable as she shared the heart-wrenching story. Disturbed by the revelation, I asked, "Were you satisfied with selling your daughter?"She responded, "No, I never wanted this to happen. What mother can ignore her child? But because my husband does not work, I could not afford all the expenses, and he did this without my consent. Now I don't know where she is or how she is."Haunted by the uncertainty, Halima continued, "I can't sleep at night. I became a mother of five children. My eldest son, a nine-year-old boy, goes to school, and it is necessary to meet his needs, along with those of my younger children."As she poured her heart out, it became apparent that Halima needed someone to confide in. The painful story concluded with her husband's callous decision and her daughter's unknown fate. Halima wiped away a tear, excused herself to wash the dishes, leaving me to contemplate the harsh realities faced by many mothers in Afghanistan.Part 5. " Women in chaos"https://thegoatpol.org/story/part-5-women-in-chaos/}\par
\sect
}