{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy12\hr06\min44\sec56}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy12\hr06\min44\sec56}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the corner of this vast world, there is a historical place, a place that gives peace to everyone\uc0{\u8217}s heart, and also gives peace to the hearts of those who are weighing the hardships of life and as an example of a branch which the leaves bend by the rainwater.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The place where the stone walls are painted with its prominent blue and white lines show a delicacy that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t see like it in any other place. Where there is a fabulous corridor which on its curved roof there are beautiful and conceptual sentences written, and when you pass through the small, light corridor, you enter the very large courtyard where you see a spring in the right corner and on the other side of the mosque, you see the statue of a dog that calms down and soil. Archaeologists say that the statue is the statue of Abdullah Ansar\uc0{\u8217}s dog, when Abdullah Ansar died and his followers wanted to bury him, his dog was sleeping at the gate of the mosque and no longer woke up and they built its statue in the middle of the Abdullah Ansar mosque. Maybe that dog had found peace there and wanted to stay there forever.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When you pass by the dog\uc0{\u8217}s statue, you see a large gate designed from the wood and there is no other gate. When you pass the gate with naked legs, you enter the large hall where you see the two small gates facing each other. The left gate shows a large room where the visitors can sit for a moment and make a freshness, but when you enter the other gate, there are small staircases inside the room with a spiral shape. Interestingly, we can hardly climb the spiral staircase, but we know the value of rising when we reach the second floor. When you stand by the small window that shows the entire scenery of the mosque and you watch all parts of it, the mind unconsciously speaks with the heart and each talks about its peace and silence.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mind: How can a place be so relaxing? Do you know what we owe the peace we feel and enjoy?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Heart: I don\uc0{\u8217}t know, I just like to enjoy this peace. Keep silent and don\uc0{\u8217}t think so much about anything.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mind: I think you are accustomed to always enjoying everything just by feelings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Heart: My job is to love, I can\uc0{\u8217}t be like you. You should stop carving into the secrets and keep silent, I want to feel silent here to my depths.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And the dialogue of the mind will continue with the heart \uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When you get down and enter the hall again, you see another big gate made of wood in front of you. There are two old men sitting and holding silver cups on each side of the gate. When you approach them, they offer the silver cups that are filled with water on the mosque\uc0{\u8217}s spring. They believe that this water can be healing if you believe it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When you drink water and feel the pastry of the water, which tastes like berry nectar, you slowly walk on the cold and white stones with bare feet. There, even the color of the sky is blue and brighter than other parts of the sky. On the way you see the scholars who are quietly sleeping in the graves, on each tombstone there are the causes of their death written. One died from the bite of a snake, one in the war, one from illness, one bye sword, and the other by fire.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When you roll your eyes on each side you can see all the walls which are engraved by pieces of Abdullah Ansar\uc0{\u8217}s poems. And finally, in the middle of all the beauty you can see a small cottage in the middle of the hut, the person who made this perfect place is sleeping in calmness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Abdullah Ansar was a man, a scientist, poet, mystic, and philosopher who in his life built this monument with his unique wonders in Afghanistan \uc0{\u8211} Herat and asked his companions to bury him when his death arrived here. We may owe the infinite peace of mind that the spirit of this great person is still in the mosque.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Retrieved from a real memory:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Four years ago, disappointment like my hair was growing day by day in my mind and heart. The main difference was that my hair was more beautiful, but my despair brought me closer to death. My despair was neither too big nor so small. I just knew there was still a small hope that I had to believe in.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The wound on my left foot was due to my diabetes becoming larger and more painful. It was right on my foot\uc0{\u8217}s bone, which made me not walk or run right. The fear had kidnapped sleep from my eyes. It was natural that I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t sleep because I had heard a place that said (a person who has diabetes should not be injured because if that happens it will lead to amputation).}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 None of the doctors could correctly recognize it. My visit to the doctors was useless. The cutaneous section, the diabetes section, the bone section, none knew what the wound was. The doctors took only a few tests and convinced themselves that this wound was not dangerous, but I was afraid that my bone was damaged. I was crying at night and didn\uc0{\u8217}t know how to calm myself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wanted to go somewhere or see someone to calm me a little and encourage me. Finally, fate took me to a place that was so quiet and silent. I went to the Abdullah Ansar Mosque.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It wasn\uc0{\u8217}t my first time I was going there, but this time it was much different. Maybe the reason for going, was different from the other times. As I passed the gate, I found my safe corner and sat there, I did nothing, just sat there for hours, quietly and listening to it. It was my first time listening to peace. Relaxation, there is a sound that can be listened to. After a few hours, I saw an old man feeding white pigeons.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I approached him and greeted him, he gave my answer kindly and calmly. The old man could see me with only one eye, he said that he had lost his eyes from hitting his pen in his eye. Our conversation was as follows:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Me: Why are you feeding pigeons? (I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know why I just wanted to talk to him).}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He: Because they have to survive. Like me and you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Me: You mean life is so important that they have to survive?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He: Yes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Me: But I don\uc0{\u8217}t like to live. Because I\uc0{\u8217}m going to lose my foot.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man was not surprised, as if he knew what and how.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Me: Why is your eye like that? How do you feel that you have lost one of your body parts?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He: I have the feeling that I had to know the value of my eye and pay more attention to him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Me: What should I do in your opinion? (I told the entire story of my diabetes and the wound of my foot.)}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He: Listen well, maybe life is not the party you would like to be invited to, but now that you are invited try to dance beautifully. It doesn\uc0{\u8217}t matter with one leg or with one eye, just enjoy. If the feet are to be cut off, that will eventually happen. But the only thing you can use now is hope, you just have to have a little hope that you will get well and your bones are not having trouble. In the most terrible case you only lose your foot, but those who love you, are still with you and you can continue your life, enjoy its beautifulness and learn and experience hope. Can\uc0{\u8217}t hopes become true with one leg? Or sleep and eat? Or walk and go to the park? Me with my only eye, can do all these things and things I love.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I think our conversation took half an hour. That conversation taught me that\uc0{\u160} the kindness of a person who lost a part of his body can be a pleasure and encouragement to the person who is supposed to lose a part of his body.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I thought to myself and concluded that his words were reasonable. I believed in his words because he was the only one who told the facts. The old man with his only eye made me a big smile. I sat there for a few hours and thought about it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I quietly returned home. One week passed and I was no longer upset and disappointed. Later I was able to sleep at night and walk in the mornings. I had made myself ready for everything and I was no longer afraid.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now it\uc0{\u8217}s been four years since my visit to that old man who had an eye and was happy. I may not forget the old man\uc0{\u8217}s words for the rest of my life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nothing happened to my feet because they finally recognized what kind of wound it is and what its the treatment. Now my wound is fading. The problem was not my disconnection, but the problem was the incorrect mentality I had. I needed someone to talk to him and I needed a quiet place to think about our words.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I do not know whether I owe that unique moment to the old man\uc0{\u8217}s words or the mosque of Abdullah Ansar. But when I had no hope and was drowning in the marsh, I went there and sat down and met that old man. Maybe if I didn\uc0{\u8217}t go to that amazing mosque, I could never talk to that old man and learn how hopes can come true.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From that day on, I always go to the Abdullah Ansar mosque when my mind and heart are not calm. I go and sit in my safe corner and stay silent for hours, just listening to the sound of peace and think and feel it to the depths of my existence.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 _ The mosque is miraculous._}}\par
\sect
}