{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy03\hr09\min20\sec53}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy03\hr09\min20\sec53}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My grandmother says that a person who doesn\uc0{\u8217}t reach their love is no different from the dead. My grandmother is right. Now, I am dead.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The first time I saw her, I was twenty. I was sitting in the park with my long-time friend, waiting for her. We were supposed to meet after several months. She arrived, shorter than I had imagined, but much more charming and lovable. Humans are strange creatures. Despite not fitting any of my criteria, she captured my heart. I thought to myself, she is the one, and she was.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now that she\uc0{\u8217}s been gone for a long time, I haven\uc0{\u8217}t seen anyone like her. My heart longs for her. That day, we talked and laughed together as if we had known each other for years. But fate was cruel. We had set a date for our second meeting and planned many things. Everything was supposed to be perfect and go our way.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However, the vile demon of illness, which had quietly and gradually lived within her, raised its head. She had told me that she had a heart condition since childhood. Now, due to the worsening of her illness, she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t even walk. The days without news grew longer and longer, and my restlessness increased. What could I do? Nothing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I contacted all her friends and acquaintances. No one had any news about her, except that she was not well. There was no address, no other way to contact her except for a phone number that went unanswered. Worry ate at my soul like termites. Sometimes I wondered, did I not matter enough for her to inform me about her condition? She said I was a part of her family. Shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t she have let me be by her side during these days?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sometimes I was angry at her, and other times, I was overwhelmed with longing. Now, it has been six months without any news from her. Even thinking about living in a world without her feels like hell. Now, I believe it is I who have died. She lives on in my heart.}}\par
\sect
}