{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy28\hr22\min42\sec09}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy28\hr22\min42\sec09}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0 Personal discovery\uc0{\u160}is the process of understanding your true self values, your needs and wants, likes and dislikes. Most of us might have naturally learnt some of these things over time. While\uc0{\u160}Personal development\uc0{\u160}is looking inwards and focusing on ways to better yourself so as to increase self awareness, esteem, skills and fulfill one\uc0{\u8217}s aspirations.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The two processes work hand in hand though their differences are quite interesting. As far as personal discovery can happen through a powerful session, great meditation or a one on one life coaching session\uc0{\u8230}.. on the other hand personal development is a process that requires more than energy, commitment and courage as well as endurance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For this does not happen overnight, rather after one becoming self aware of their abilities, calling and passion, one becomes motivated and inspired to positive contribution to one\uc0{\u8217}s self and their surroundings. As one decides to develop their discoveries, i can assure you that we all have areas we can easily work on and those that we are unconscious of their existence.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Most of us have these zones that we always leave untouched, it could be fear of stage fright, that toxic relationship \uc0{\u160}that one has failed to end or being unsociable\uc0{\u8230}. the list is endless. If not worked on, such zones grow stronger and stronger that it becomes part of us and you will hear one say \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220} this is really my fate!\uc0{\u8221} Or \uc0{\u8220} I was born like this.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sadly this could be an illusion caused by a childhood habit or experience, the kind of environment one grew in or scenarios \uc0{\u160}that made one see things that way and so these molds one to think so and believe so. And the only way to break through this is during the phase of development, when one realizes there\uc0{\u8217}s a great need for change\uc0{\u8230}.}}\par
\sect
}