{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy15\hr07\min15\sec40}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy15\hr07\min15\sec40}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The road to the National Sports stadium was getting a little congested. The long awaited match was here now. Zimbabwe were set to play Congo Brazaville. A win meant will secure a spot in the subsequent African cup of nations. For our soccer team it\uc0{\u8217}s particularly the rare feat. Out of the 32 editions of the prestigious cup tournament, we only had to manage to qualify for three tournaments to date. The first editions in 2004 and 2006, I was still very young and had vague memories of the actual events. But I could still remember the joy which engulfed the nation following the team\uc0{\u8217}s success. And we were here again one win away from qualifying to the 2019 edition. Luckily I lived minutes away from the stadium. It was our chance to roar the team to qualification. A number of friends also had confirmed that they will be at the match. It was going to be mini boys day out. I left at around 12! Kick-off was set for 3pm, but I decided to avoid the chaos which takes place towards the entrance just before the match starts. Fifteen minutes later I had made it into the stadium premises. Vendors were littered all over. Some had gas fryers preparing fries, chicken, chicken livers and sausages. Some had cooler boxes with tons of cool drinks and stuff. I managed to suppress my desire to get the food this early as I knew the little money I had will come in handy later when I am actually hungry. As I had predicted, going a few hours meant a smooth sailing entrance into the stadium. I quickly made my way to Bay 4, the best view came from that section. Two of my friends were already with a plastic bag full of bananas, I took one as I sat down. The players were down on the pitch doing their final warm-ups.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two popular artists were scheduled to perform as a curtain raiser. This was also set to get the fans even more hyped for the match. Simultaneously more and more were filtering into the stadium. At full capacity the stadium carries about 40000 spectatators and it was likely to fill up for this pivotal fixture. After two hours of chit chatting, sing alone and chanting support songs, The palyers worked on to the pitch to a massive ovation from the crowd. When the pleasantries were all done the match was set to start.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Zimbabwe immediately had Congo Brazaville on the ropes to the delight of me and thousands who were watching. We played at a very fast tempo, stringing neat passes together. However our strikers failed to convert the chances provided to them for the vast majority of the half which started to frustrate the fans. Then we won a freekick just at the edge of the box. Team captain Knowledge Musona stood up and scored from 25 yards out, His shot was found in the back of the net sending the crowd into ruptures. We were one foot into the Africa cup of nations. The joy was doubled as Khama billiat capitalised in a miscommunication within the Congolese defence to score a beautiful volley.. That was it, with a 2 goal kead going into halftime and a raucous crowd behind the team, we were almost certain that qualification was secured.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The second half, the singing from was the most entertaining bit as Zimbabwe managed the game and their energy by keeping the ball and rarely committing men to the attack. Our goalkeeper was also solid when he was called upon to make saves. As the match drew closer to the end, one of my friends came up with an idea to invade the pitch after the final whistle. I was hesitant at first as the police will be over with their vicious dogs.. It might be not worth the risk. But when the final whistle came, scores of people ran to the pitch so fast that the playwrs quickly made their way to the dressing rooms. This was our cue as we joined in the pitch invasion and celebrated this huge achievement. It was high fives all over, waving our Zim flag high and took photos of this memorable day. We had qualified!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}