{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo08\dy19\hr09\min01\sec19}{\revtim \yr2022\mo08\dy19\hr09\min01\sec19}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Following the climate protests in the port of Hamburg last weekend, the police are pursuing a dubious information policy. With ongoing news on Twitter and statements afterwards, they seem to be rewriting what happened.Some of what they say in the major newspapers, such as Die Bild, is untrue. This is all the more problematic as public bodies in journalism are considered to be particularly trustworthy, so that their portrayal does not necessarily have to be counter-researched.On Saturday afternoon there is a lot of commotion in the port. Two thousand activists from the climate alliance \uc0{\u8220}Ende Gel\uc0{\u228}nde\uc0{\u8221} want to disrupt the \uc0{\u8220}logistics of fossil capitalism.\uc0{\u8221} The group moved past the decommissioned Moorburg coal-fired power plant on a registered route.They tried to occupy the Kattwyk lift bridge. This has already been blocked by climate activists in the past. Then, part of the group broke out and tried to get onto nearby tracks.The police tried to prevent this with batons and pepper spray. Police officers beat the crowd from overhead. Some of them kept spraying despite no resistence. Meanwhile, the remaining activists continued on the announced route.There, too, there was a massive police use of tear gas and beatings.\uc0{\u160}Attacks on the police have not yet been found in the recordings, which have been published on various social media \uc0{\u8211} but a riot police officer who yells at his colleagues after the pepper mist has visibly caught him yelled, \uc0{\u8221}Not at us!\uc0{\u8221}It is these scenes that are now being argued about. Because the police accompanies the entire operation with sporadic reports on the short message service Twitter. At 5:21 p.m. it says: \uc0{\u8220}After the forces were also attacked with pepper spray and around 15 police officers were slightly injured, the meeting was broken up.\uc0{\u8221}The Bild newspaper made the headline out of it: \uc0{\u8220}Climate chaos attack police officers with pepper spray\uc0{\u8221}. The dpa and many reputable journalistic publications also initially accept the report from the police without checking it.To date, however, their report has not been confirmed. Research different media. NDR \uc0{\u8220}Panorama\uc0{\u8221} writes, for example: Even after viewing several hours of video material, no pepper spray application by the demonstrators can be seen.On the other hand, \uc0{\u8220}Panorama\uc0{\u8221} also leads the scene where an officer complains about the \uc0{\u8220}friendly fire\uc0{\u8221}.The Hamburg police have rejected the allegation of fake news on Twitter. A press spokeswoman justified the communication with the NDR \uc0{\u8220}Panorama\uc0{\u8221} with the display of an official and radio messages.}\par
\sect
}