{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy16\hr22\min33\sec44}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy16\hr22\min33\sec44}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Poor Girl Wins Singing Contest by Pascal}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Once upon a time, there was a girl named Maria. She came from a poor family and lived in a small village on the outskirts of the city. Despite her humble beginnings, Maria had a beautiful voice and loved to sing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, Maria heard about a singing competition being held in the city. The winner would receive a cash prize and a recording contract. Maria knew that this was her chance to change her family\uc0{\u8217}s life, so she decided to enter the competition.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Maria practiced every day, singing in the fields while tending to the family\uc0{\u8217}s crops. Her parents were supportive, but they were worried that she would be disappointed if she didn\uc0{\u8217}t win. Maria reassured them, saying that even if she didn\uc0{\u8217}t win, it would be an opportunity to showcase her talent and improve her skills.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the day of the competition, Maria was nervous but excited. She had never been to the city before, and the grand auditorium where the competition was being held was breathtaking. Maria stepped onto the stage and took a deep breath.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As soon as Maria began to sing, the entire audience was captivated. Her voice was powerful and full of emotion. When she finished, the judges gave her a standing ovation. Maria had never felt so happy in her life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Days went by, and Maria heard nothing from the competition organizers. She began to lose hope and thought that she hadn\uc0{\u8217}t won. But one evening, the phone rang, and it was the organizers. They told Maria that she had won the competition and would receive the cash prize and a recording contract.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Maria was ecstatic. She couldn\uc0{\u8217}t wait to tell her parents the good news. When she arrived back in her village, Maria\uc0{\u8217}s family was waiting for her. She ran into their arms and told them about her victory.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The recording contract allowed Maria to pursue her passion for singing and provide for her family. Her music touched the hearts of many, and she became an inspiration to other young girls in her village. Maria\uc0{\u8217}s journey from poverty to success showed that with hard work and determination, anything is possible.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}