{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy08\hr18\min13\sec09}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy08\hr18\min13\sec09}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8221}Preparations\uc0{\u8221} is the third of a series of interlinked stories about girlhood, decadence, complicity and innocence.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \qc{{\cf0\f0 ~}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sofia had been home for a few days when Nick got in touch. The text came through while she lay on her bed, daydreaming about nothing in particular, an activity she indulged when overwhelmed. Their five year school reunion was that afternoon and she was dreading it \uc0{\u8212} the wearisome conversation, the small, unspoken competitions. Who was doing what, who was earning what, who was living where. She was already running potential excuses through her head. A headache, a prior commitment she\uc0{\u8217}d forgotten about. More than anything, she was dreading spending time with June, even though she felt the familiar butterflies of excitement. Her excitement was tainted by her guilt, a guilt she felt at having failed June in some vague way and then a resentment at being made to feel like she could never do enough, never be enough for June.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The noon light came in through her bedroom window and swept pleasantly across her legs. She texted with Nick back and forth.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i Do you think she\uc0{\u8217}ll be at the afterparty}{\cf0\f0 , he texted}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i Not sure but I\uc0{\u8217}d say unlikely, especially if she knows you\uc0{\u8217}ll be there}{\cf0\f0 .}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i Ok, well, that\uc0{\u8217}s better. It\uc0{\u8217}ll be nice to see you Fig}{\cf0\f0 .}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For as long as she could remember, Fig had been Nick\uc0{\u8217}s nickname for her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re fancy,\uc0{\u8221} he\uc0{\u8217}d teased her back in school, when a bunch of the boys had come over to her parents\uc0{\u8217} place and she\uc0{\u8217}d served figs and goat\uc0{\u8217}s cheese.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sofia felt uneasy about discussing June with Nick but having said this, she\uc0{\u8217}d been friends with Nick long before anything had happened between him and June. And given the way things had transpired, she reasoned with herself that she was only trying to make sure no one got hurt, that the situation didn\uc0{\u8217}t escalate more than it already had done.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the last two years of high school, June had been Sofia\uc0{\u8217}s closest friend. June had moved from another school half-way through high school, while Sofia had been at the same school all the way through. June was shy and uneasy. Sofia was confident but privately reserved. Having recently fallen out with another friend, Lee, she quickly decided she would befriend this new girl who was, she\uc0{\u8217}d ascertained, attractive and likeable but had no idea and lacked confidence.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 During high school, June spent most weekends and some week nights at Sofia\uc0{\u8217}s place because her parent\uc0{\u8217}s place was closer to the school than June\uc0{\u8217}s mum\uc0{\u8217}s place was. It was also closer to the bars they frequented. June had a habit of losing her belongings while drunk and Sofia had taken it upon herself to look after June\uc0{\u8217}s phone and wallet on these nights out. June, everyone agreed, was an easy target, with her otherworldly look and dreamy disposition. Gradually, Sofia assumed this role in most aspects of their friendship. She was the responsible one, self-contained and grown-up while June, innocent and childlike, seemed to take pleasure in the fact that Sofia was happy to assume the role of her caretaker.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since they\uc0{\u8217}d left school, their dynamic had strained. June had lost her father suddenly and tragically. Sofia had tried to be there for her but was frightened of June\uc0{\u8217}s grief. It unlocked some dormant, previously unacknowledged grief contained in Sofia, no matter that she\uc0{\u8217}d never lost anyone close to her suddenly. With the exception of her grandmother who had been old, who had died peacefully in the night. And their dog Percy who had eaten rat poison. At the mention of Percy\uc0{\u8217}s name, Sofia\uc0{\u8217}s heart dropped.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sofia didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to dwell on what had occurred between her and June. She threw herself into new friendships, her studies, ballet; she\uc0{\u8217}d always been a naturally gifted dancer. As much as she distracted herself, Sofia cared about June in some deep-seated way that felt at once pure and tainted. She was regularly angry with June, citing some petty grievance to cover up the real reason for her rage \uc0{\u8212} that they were no longer close.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When June got together with Nick during their first year of university and then when, predictably. the relationship ended dramatically, she had her reason for feeling slighted. Nick was her friend first and even though she\uc0{\u8217}d given June her blessing (she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t possibly resent two friends finding love) after the messy breakup, the narrative of her having given permission slowly changed. A boundary had been crossed, Sofia had insisted to anyone who would listen, and even though she\uc0{\u8217}s outwardly said it was fine, June should have known better.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nick, who had been in their friendship circle during school and in their intimate circle when he began dating June, was now the one Sofia went to, to purge and air her frustrations about June. He was happy to listen and entertain these episodes. He had frustrations of his own.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sofia knew that it would be tricky to dissuade June from coming to the after party. June and Nick were forever claiming they never wanted to see each other again, while still finding ways to bump into each other and have some dramatic encounter which invariably ended in tears.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After they\uc0{\u8217}d agreed that what June decided to do about the afterparty was beyond their control, Sofia and Nick stopped texting. Sofia put her phone under a cushion and listened to music on her ipod while stroking the dog, Rosie.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Time passed. The noon light transformed into something less sharp, more diffuse. The space beneath the cushion lit up, the ringtone was shrill and invasive. Sofia answered the call.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s me, I\uc0{\u8217}m out the front.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \qc{{\cf0\f0 ~}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 June looked tired and wan. She greeted Rosie before hugging Sofia. Sofia felt herself holding back while they embraced. June followed Sofia to her room where they sat on the bed and shared news dutifully. Their conversation lacked the usual leisurely pace, the curiosity, the thrill they once took in gossip. There was less physical touch. At some point, they\uc0{\u8217}d shared news while cuddling in bed. June\uc0{\u8217}s face horizontal, close-up, as they laughed and chattered about nothing in particular. Now they just sat crosslegged and awkward.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Is it weird if I take a bath?\uc0{\u8221} June asked out of the blue, surprising Sofia. Sofia had forgotten how oddly at home June had always felt in their apartment. Where once she found this charming, an indication of their closeness, June\uc0{\u8217}s ease now grated her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Of course,\uc0{\u8221} Sofia said, smiling and obliging, hopping up from her place on the bed to get June a towel from the linen cupboard.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \qc{{\cf0\f0 ~}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the bathroom, Sofia perched on the rim of the bathtub and drew the water from the taps. She searched for the rubber plug which she found, white and calcified, behind some empty bottles of soap and shampoo. She waited for the tub to fill, feeling a vague discomfort.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t have minded running it myself,\uc0{\u8221} June was saying, as she undressed. Sofia noticed how thin June looked and admired her body. She was envious of June\uc0{\u8217}s physique, even as she believed and told anyone who would listen, that June didn\uc0{\u8217}t eat enough.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s no problem,\uc0{\u8221} Sofia said, though she felt a pang of resentment toward June. June never asked for help explicitly. She never took initiative either.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Are you going to join?\uc0{\u8221} June asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They\uc0{\u8217}d often shared a bath in the past, washing each other\uc0{\u8217}s backs, letting the water grow tepid as they chattered and laughed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sofia shook her head, \uc0{\u8220}no thanks,\uc0{\u8221} she said, \uc0{\u8220}I had a shower earlier, but I\uc0{\u8217}ll stay and chat.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sofia sat on the wicker laundry basket while June sank into the tub.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}So,\uc0{\u8221} Sofia offered, tentatively, \uc0{\u8220}this after party. Do you think it\uc0{\u8217}s the best idea for you to go?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 June lathered her arms with soap.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I think it\uc0{\u8217}s fine if I come. I\uc0{\u8217}ll just ignore Nick.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I\uc0{\u8217}d like to see that happen, Sofia thought.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know,\uc0{\u8221} she said sceptically, \uc0{\u8220}she folded her arms, I think he might mind if you come.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Did you speak to him?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I did. You know we still speak.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 June looked hurt and avoided meeting her eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}June, you know we were friends before everything with the two of you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 June nodded, \uc0{\u8220}I know. I guess, I guess it\uc0{\u8217}s just that he hurt me and you\uc0{\u8217}re my best friend.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sofia felt a swell of anger and then guilt. Did June really think they were still best friends.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I know,\uc0{\u8221} she said, \uc0{\u8220}which is exactly why I don\uc0{\u8217}t think it\uc0{\u8217}s a good idea for you come to come to this party.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sofia felt bad, knowing that the real reason she didn\uc0{\u8217}t want June to come was because of the indistinct anger she felt toward her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The afternoon light streamed in through the window and melded with the steam from the bath, producing a thick golden fog.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Sofia, I don\uc0{\u8217}t see the big deal. What\uc0{\u8217}s this really about? What\uc0{\u8217}s this sudden concern for me and Nick all about?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sofia spoke with detachment, not looking at June and playing with the fall of her hair around her shoulders.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s no big deal and I\uc0{\u8217}m really not that worried. Come if you want, I guess. I just don\uc0{\u8217}t want drama tonight.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sofia\uc0{\u8217}s concern was justified, she told herself. June had been dramatic in the months leading up to the break-up with Nick. The intensity of June\uc0{\u8217}s emotions had startled her. Sofia was sure June\uc0{\u8217}s histrionics were a delayed reaction to the loss of her father. Nick had agreed with her when they spoke after everything had cooled off.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sofia had never forgotten the night June\uc0{\u8217}s father, Alex, had been reported missing. June\uc0{\u8217}s text message came through just before bed. She\uc0{\u8217}d called June immediately. Sofia had no idea what to say. June\uc0{\u8217}s choked words. June\uc0{\u8217}s pain dislodged something deep and fundamental in Sofia that she would have preferred to keep intact.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She was unwaveringly there for June when it came to cooking meals and sending flowers and holding her hand at the funeral. She tried to encourage June to look to the future, not to dwell too much on her grief. Shortly afterwards, they\uc0{\u8217}d matriculated and began their university degrees.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \qc{{\cf0\f0 ~}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sofia got up from the laundry basket and began trying on clothes for the reunion. June shared her thoughts on the various outfit options. Sofia considered herself in the mirror, turning to examine her profile on both sides, arranging a silk pleated top so that it sat squarely on her shoulders. June stood up in the bath and lingered for a moment, the water pouring from her body.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sofia watched June in the mirror, while applying her mascara. Seeing June standing up in the bath like this, Sofia noticed just how thin she was.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What?\uc0{\u8221} June said, noticing Sofia\uc0{\u8217}s worried expression.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Nothing,\uc0{\u8221} Sofia said, turning her attention to applying her mascara.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Sofia,\uc0{\u8221} June said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a short pause.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s just you look very thin, Junie. Are you sure you\uc0{\u8217}re eating enough?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 June said nothing. Her silence had a quality of assertion, as opposed to submission. She stepped out of the bathtub and onto the woven bath mat. She reached for a towel and glanced up at the mirror. The girls\uc0{\u8217} eyes met.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sofia forced herself to smile as June dried herself with the towel. Sofia was trying to be less sensitive to the world, to \uc0{\u8221}grow a thicker hide,\uc0{\u8221} as her mother had put it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Let\uc0{\u8217}s just get ready and get going. Have a nice night out together? It\uc0{\u8217}ll be so weird to see everyone again, hey?\uc0{\u8221} As she said this, she realised again, just how little she cared about finding out what everyone they\uc0{\u8217}d been at school with was doing with their lives.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 June nodded, loping over to Sofia\uc0{\u8217}s closet to try on a pair of trousers. Sofia, already decided on the pleated shirt, a matching pair of pleated trousers, sat on the bed and watched June change into black cigarette trousers. The trousers looked good around June\uc0{\u8217}s waist and were well complimented by the silk shirt she\uc0{\u8217}d brought from home, though the shirt looked too big.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}June,\uc0{\u8221} Sofia said, giggling and trying to sound playful and teasing, like everything was back to normal, \uc0{\u8220}you look like you\uc0{\u8217}re wearing a tent.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 June didn\uc0{\u8217}t respond to this. From her overnight bag, she took the brooch she loved. Sofia watched as June fastened the brooch to her shirt, before tucking her hair behind her ears.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Ok,\uc0{\u8221} June said, \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m ready.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}