{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy24\hr21\min13\sec36}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy24\hr21\min13\sec36}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My hand is sweating into my Toltec teacher\uc0{\u8217}s hand, but she doesn\uc0{\u8217}t let go as we make our way to the Pyramid of the Sun.\uc0{\u160} On the walk from the platform in front of the Pyramid of the Moon to our destination, our teacher Rita asks what we experienced during the morning\uc0{\u8217}s ceremony.\uc0{\u160} I tell her and the four women acting as teacher assistants that the sweetest moment for me was sitting next to Deb.\uc0{\u160} Deb is Dana\uc0{\u8217}s, one of the retreat coordinators, neighbor.\uc0{\u160} She has never been away without her husband and children before.\uc0{\u160} She is here out of faith; faith that what Dana has discovered is worth checking out.\uc0{\u160} During this morning\uc0{\u8217}s ritual I was sitting between Deb and Paige with women in front of me and women behind me and women walking around me.\uc0{\u160} Our energy circulated through us as if we were one connected bloodstream.\uc0{\u160} The energy erupted uniquely as it passed through each woman; tears, laughter, howling, sobbing, breathing.\uc0{\u160} I hear Deb whisper }{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8220}Yes, yes.\uc0{\u8221}}{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160} I allowed her yes to enter and open my heart and cry with understanding of all that she is saying yes to.\uc0{\u160} What courage, what beauty, what heart is squeezing my hand?\uc0{\u160} Nothing else was real about her except her willingness to accept what is here right now, openly and without reservation.\uc0{\u160} It was catching, this surrender, this bliss, and we became one under the glaring brightness truth of the sun.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Before we arrive at the Pyramid of the Sun, Rita lets us know that she has no expectations for the next ceremony, no preconceived notions of what should be.\uc0{\u160} She is not attached to any outcome.\uc0{\u160} She turns to me and asks the group, }{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8220}What would happen if you totally let go?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know,\uc0{\u8221}}{\cf0\f0  I reply looking into Rita\uc0{\u8217}s brown eyed steady gaze.\uc0{\u160} We turn to face the immense front of the pyramid.\uc0{\u160} }{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8220}Climb me\uc0{\u8221}}{\cf0\f0  it beckons with a stone face created by stairs and platforms that allow curious visitors to scale it\uc0{\u8217}s mass.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8220}You will know what to do by the time you reach the top,\uc0{\u8221}}{\cf0\f0  Rita tells her apprentices of which I am officially one.\uc0{\u160} I have experienced the whole trip as an apprentice, ever since I walked into the hotel and Dana told me I would be assisting a group leader.\uc0{\u160} Because it was a surprise, I felt no obligation to prepare or project anything.\uc0{\u160} It is the perfect way to experience life on a spiritual adventure, no obligations, no preparations, just surprises and flowing with the moment.\uc0{\u160} I let go of worrying about what to do at the top.\uc0{\u160} Things have a way of happening or not so there is no use \uc0{\u8220}figuring it out.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160} Intent seems different here too.\uc0{\u160} As if a higher, not quite personal, intent superimposes itself in Teotihuac\uc0{\u225}n, \uc0{\u8220}}{\cf0\f0\i City of the Gods\uc0{\u8221}}{\cf0\f0 .\uc0{\u160} Personal intent is too small, too vaporous to stay focused upon.\uc0{\u160} It dissipates in the wind blowing through ancient mysterious edifices built to blow away the smallness of our personal views, wants and concerns.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have never particularly liked the Pyramid of the Sun.\uc0{\u160} The Moon is my source of wonder at Teo.\uc0{\u160} The sun is almost too large, too masculine.\uc0{\u160} This trip, though, another quality has come through a crack I created in my consciousness.\uc0{\u160} Perhaps the lack of my husband\uc0{\u8217}s maleness being so close allows me to breathe in easier the energy of the Sun.\uc0{\u160} There are only women on this retreat, which was the coordinator\uc0{\u8217}s intent.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The pyramid\uc0{\u8217}s body has been inviting me to climb for two days now.\uc0{\u160} I feel ready to accept its protective, assuring stance.\uc0{\u160} I begin the climb up by placing a foot on the stone step in front of me.\uc0{\u160} The stairs at the base are tall and steep so I simultaneously place hands on the steps as I climb so I look like a small child climbing a staircase at home.\uc0{\u160} After a few steps I place my right hand on the side of the pyramid rather than the step in front of me.\uc0{\u160} I want to feel the pyramid\uc0{\u8217}s stone beneath my palm.\uc0{\u160} Immediately I am filled with words.\uc0{\u160} I know what to say.\uc0{\u160} I agree.\uc0{\u160} The mountain has spoken, transferred through rock its intent, its purpose.\uc0{\u160} The climb becomes more difficult, and I have trouble catching my breathe.\uc0{\u160} Gravity is pulling me into the rock so each step requires my full attention and strength.\uc0{\u160} By the time we reach the first platform I am gasping for air.\uc0{\u160} I lean my full body against the slanted side of the pyramid and gulp air into my lungs.\uc0{\u160} I don\uc0{\u8217}t understand.\uc0{\u160} I have climbed the pyramid several times with no problem.\uc0{\u160} I hustle around New York City streets with ease.\uc0{\u160} Why this lack of oxygen and pounding heart?\uc0{\u160} I remember breathing like this in front of the Moon just six weeks ago.\uc0{\u160} Maybe larger spirits than mine takes its toll on the human body.\uc0{\u160} I take my physical exertion as an affirmation of the mountain\uc0{\u8217}s wishes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Rita leads us around the parameter of the pyramid and stops at each corner to say a ceremonial prayer.\uc0{\u160} At the third corner I forget where I am and merge with the mind of the earth I am standing on.\uc0{\u160} Perched high, arms wide open, blessed cool air caressing my body I could be anything.\uc0{\u160} I am to speak, speak the mountain\uc0{\u8217}s heart felt intent for the pilgrims who climb it.\uc0{\u160} We continue our way around to the next staircase and I climb with ease to the top.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We are here to hold the space for the thirty other women who will be following us up the pyramid steps.\uc0{\u160} We literally have to hold the space at the summit, it is a busy day at Teo.\uc0{\u160} We hover around a large family that is just getting ready to leave so no other tourists can settle in before us.\uc0{\u160} We sit cross-legged and form a circle in the flat center of the very top of the Sun Pyramid.\uc0{\u160} We join hands and as my left palm slips into Rita\uc0{\u8217}s I go limp.\uc0{\u160} My head slumps closer to my chest with every breath.\uc0{\u160} My shoulders sink towards the earth while my arms become heavy as rubber weights.\uc0{\u160} Catherine on my right is rocking and vibrating in contrast to my leadenness.\uc0{\u160} I briefly wonder if something is amiss with me, but the feeling is too exquisite, too enveloping to resist.\uc0{\u160} Don\uc0{\u8217}t want to resist, don\uc0{\u8217}t want anything.\uc0{\u160} My hands are lifted on either side as the other women raise their arms following Rita\uc0{\u8217}s words ands gestures.\uc0{\u160} I don\uc0{\u8217}t respond.\uc0{\u160} I am gone from there \uc0{\u8211} too lovely to sink into the stone \uc0{\u8211} too peaceful to think at all.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how long we stayed like that but my human habit of wondering what\uc0{\u8217}s next takes over.\uc0{\u160} I open my eyes to see if the other women have arrived yet.\uc0{\u160} They have.\uc0{\u160} They are gathering around us not sure of what to do.\uc0{\u160} Gloria, the other retreat coordinator steps into the circle we have prepared and begins to speak.\uc0{\u160} A thought creeps in and squeaks, }{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how to say it.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8220}The mountain says,\uc0{\u8221}}{\cf0\f0  is answered back from the pyramid and I wait for the right moment to speak.\uc0{\u160} Rita stands up to join Gloria and begins to speak to the women, but it doesn\uc0{\u8217}t feel right, and I tell myself if you are going to do it, do it now, so I stand and face the women gathered at the top of the Pyramid of the Sun.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8220}Climb me, said the mountain.\uc0{\u160} Climb me!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My voice is loud and clear as I look into the faces of the women I have spent the last three days with.\uc0{\u160} I don\uc0{\u8217}t need to think about the next word, it comes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8220}Climb me for I am big and strong and of the earth.\uc0{\u160} I will support you, hold you.\uc0{\u160} Climb me, said the mountain.\uc0{\u160} Climb me and lay down your burdens, give them to me.\uc0{\u160} Give me your concerns, your troubles, your weight.\uc0{\u160} Let it go.\uc0{\u160} Give it to me, I am strong, I can take it from you.\uc0{\u160} Let it go.\uc0{\u160} Climb me, said the mountain.\uc0{\u160} Let it go, it is not yours to carry.\uc0{\u160} Unburden yourself on me.\uc0{\u160} Let it go.\uc0{\u160} All of it.\uc0{\u160} Empty, empty yourself.\uc0{\u160} Let it go.\uc0{\u160} And when you are empty, and can see the world as it is, without judgment, when you are empty then there is nothing else to do but to fall in love.\uc0{\u160} Fall in love with everything, everything as it is.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I pause and notice a large group of Mexican people has gathered around us.\uc0{\u160} One woman is speaking in Spanish to those gathered around us.\uc0{\u160} I start to speak again as I am filled with words I want to let out.\uc0{\u160} I am not done and want to express the wonderfulness of falling in love with all that surrounds me.\uc0{\u160} Falling in love with what is without wanting it to be what it should \uc0{\u8211} the ecstasy of empty that allows love to spill in and out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But she will not stop and gets louder so that I am drowned out.\uc0{\u160} I stop and yield to what is.\uc0{\u160} Now I listen to her and watch her expression.\uc0{\u160} Rita translates a few words and falls silent while the crowd around us chants \uc0{\u8220}Mexico, Mexico.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160} Roused by emotion of the lone young woman shouting they raise their arms and chant again.\uc0{\u160} I raise my arms and chant too.\uc0{\u160} I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what it is all about, but I want to join in. \uc0{\u160}My sermon on the mount is over.\uc0{\u160} Chanting seems to be the flow of the following moment.\uc0{\u160} I smile at the crowd and the young, powerful Mexican woman.\uc0{\u160} She speaks less loudly and soon stops.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She asks in English if they may use the center for a moment.\uc0{\u160} Rita and Gloria make way for two little girls dressed for a holiday.\uc0{\u160} The woman speaks in Spanish again and the people gathered around cheer.\uc0{\u160} She hugs the girls and then the girls hug Gloria and Rita and make their way back to their parents.\uc0{\u160} The fiery Mexican woman thanks us and the crowd with her disperses.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have no idea what just happened, but find out that she wasn\uc0{\u8217}t praising my speech, but was in fact being rather derogatory about \uc0{\u8220}}{\cf0\f0\i Americanas}{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}.\uc0{\u160} We probably fouled up a long-time planned ceremony for the girls and their parents.\uc0{\u160} But in the end our smiles and bewilderment won the day and our ceremonies merged within the hugs of two young girls.\uc0{\u160} Ah, if only all such conflicts could be resolved so sweetly.\uc0{\u160} Maybe they can if we imagine it that way.}}\par
\sect
}