{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo12\dy07\hr04\min55\sec31}{\revtim \yr2022\mo12\dy07\hr04\min55\sec31}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Q and A}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sana Nassari}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a July burning Friday. Ahmed and Zabih before the beginning of the weekly poetry meeting, are standing in front of the Culture Library of the Isle. Ahmed could not wait and read his poem to Zabih. It was hot and they were standing next to the window of the room in which the poetry meeting was being held every week. \uc0{\u8220}These kinds of speech are too out of date. They belonged to the time when the lady love was veiled and love was happening in the long shot!\uc0{\u8221} said Zabih. Ahmed neatly fold the paper on which the poem was written and placed it behind the cigarette box in his shirt\uc0{\u8217}s front pocket. Zabih pulled the collar of his t-shirt out and blew a puff in it. \uc0{\u8220}Damn! I\uc0{\u8217}m soaked in sweat.\uc0{\u8221} Said Zabih hatefully. \uc0{\u8220}So what do you think? Was it a bad poem?\uc0{\u8221} Ahmed asked desperately and took a cigarette out of the box. A grey Nissan Patrol turn into the street and pulled over in front of the library\uc0{\u8217}s main entrance. Two men got out of the car. Ahmed hided the cigarette in his fist. \uc0{\u8220}I didn\uc0{\u8217}t say a bad poem! I meant it is not modern enough.\uc0{\u8221} Zabih said while turning back to the wall so that the men could not see the Latin words on his t-shirt. There was a big banner hanging on the wall.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Friendly Q&A Gathering of youth with The Culture Minister and Mayor}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Subject: Youth Problems}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Zabih sneered. The library janitor came out and helped the men to take the camera and sound and light equipment in. \uc0{\u8220}Look!\uc0{\u8221} Ahmed said astonishingly, \uc0{\u8220}What a great camera!\uc0{\u8221} Zabih turned and saw the camera. \uc0{\u8220}Mama mia! Do you think I can borrow it for the short movie that I want to make?\uc0{\u8221}, \uc0{\u8220}Nope!\uc0{\u8221} Ahmed answered and poked Zabih\uc0{\u8217}s arm with his elbow. Four women were walking down the street. All air conditioners were turned on concurrently and the hot blow came out of the back of one which was placed in the window next to Ahmed and Zabih. They stepped a bit further. Zabih tried to make eye contact with Azadeh, the young poet who wrote the best poems in the isle. Cyrus, the moderator of the poetry meetings came out of the entrance door and approached the young men. \uc0{\u8220}How is everything, guys?\uc0{\u8221} Cyrus said and then lowered his voice, \uc0{\u8220}What is this nonsense?\uc0{\u8221} indicating the banner by raising one eyebrow. \uc0{\u8220}Couldn\uc0{\u8217}t be related to our meeting,\uc0{\u8221} Ahmed said and Zabih shrugged his shoulders. Women arrived, silently passed the men and entered the library. Cyrus asked Zabih and Ahmed to join them in the room to start the meeting and went in. \uc0{\u8220}So you think that love happens in close up these days?\uc0{\u8221} Ahmed asked. \uc0{\u8220}How we have been raised? Not even saying hi to each other.\uc0{\u8221} Zabih said thoughtfully. \uc0{\u8220}They are afraid of many things,\uc0{\u8221} Ahmed said. \uc0{\u8220}We are scared of each other, then we enter a room and share the most intimate feelings together! We recite poems. Reading poems is the same as becoming naked. What kind of human beings are we?\uc0{\u8221} The driver came back and locked the Patrol and glared at them for no reason.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When they went in, the cool breeze of the air conditioners embraced them. Then they saw that all the tables of the study hall were placed in a row and covered with huge table cloth and some ugly artificial flowers to look like a massive conference table. Ahmed said: \uc0{\u8220}Apparently, they gave us the small room.\uc0{\u8221} And both entered the small room. Twenty chairs were set symmetrically at the right and left, in five equal rows. Most of the chairs were occupied and some poets were standing at the back as always. Zabih and Ahmed took seats. The list of poets who wanted to recite their poems was circulating in their hands. The moderator sat at his table and begins the meeting with a few lines from one of the most celebrated poets: Shamlou: Alas! If only the liberty sang a song, little, like the syrinx of a bird\uc0{\u8230} The door got opened and three young men join the meeting. They took three chairs from the women\uc0{\u8217}s side and added them to the men\uc0{\u8217}s. The first poet, Azadeh, sat next to the moderator to recite her poem. The door got opened and the loud voice of a few men greeting purred in the small room. Two poets came in. moderator asked them to borrow chairs from the study room. Newcomers came back empty-handed. \uc0{\u8220}What happened?\uc0{\u8221} asked the moderator. \uc0{\u8220}They said they need their seats,\uc0{\u8221} said the newcomer \uc0{\u8220}The minister of culture and the mayor are there\uc0{\u8221}. \uc0{\u8220}Are all the seats taken?\uc0{\u8221} asked the moderator. \uc0{\u8220}It seems that their guests have not arrived yet. It\uc0{\u8217}s okay. We are fine to stay here.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Azadeh began to recite: \uc0{\u8220}Every step that I took, Brought me closer to the city I fled from\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} The door got opened. All the heads turned toward the door.\uc0{\u160} A middle-aged big man appeared on the threshold. The moderator brought his indicate finger to his mouth and silently asked the man not to disturb him. Ignoring the moderator, the man loudly said: \uc0{\u8220}Sorry for the inconvenience, but now is the time for the q&a with authorities.\uc0{\u8221} Moderator\uc0{\u8217}s eyebrows rose up. \uc0{\u8220}Does our voice bother you?\uc0{\u8221} He asked astoundingly. The man ignored his question and continued: \uc0{\u8220}We would like to invite you to take part.\uc0{\u8221} All the heads turned towards the moderator. Ahmed brought out the paper of his poem and unfolded it nervously. Trying to keep calm, the moderator said: \uc0{\u8220}Dear poets, I appreciate it if anyone who would like to take part in the q&a meeting, join the audience in the study hall.\uc0{\u8221} The man impatiently looked at them. No one moved. The man stepped in. Waited. Nodded his head and left. Someone closed the door. The moderator said: \uc0{\u8220}I apologise for the unwanted pause. Please recite your poem from the beginning again.\uc0{\u8221} Everyone was silent. Azadeh started: \uc0{\u8220}Every step that I took/ Brought me closer to the city I fled from/ The sound of knife rose from my bones\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} Someone knocked and opened the. The heads, with a clear discontent, turned toward the door again. A short middle-aged man with a diplomatic collar stepped in and immediately said: \uc0{\u8220}Excuse me, but, apparently, my colleague asked you to join our meeting!\uc0{\u8221} the moderator said: \uc0{\u8220}That is true.\uc0{\u8221} The diplomatic collar man seemed confused. One of the poets said: \uc0{\u8220}Anyone who is interested will join you without asking.\uc0{\u8221} The diplomatic collar man said: \uc0{\u8220}But Mr. minister and Mr. mayor are here for your sake!\uc0{\u8221} Someone roared: \uc0{\u8220}For our sake?!\uc0{\u8221} The diplomatic collar man answered: \uc0{\u8220}Yes for you. It is obvious from the title of the meeting: q&a with youth. You. It is obvious!\uc0{\u8221} The moderator said: \uc0{\u8220}and we are here for the poetry meeting. It is obvious from its title: Poetry meeting.\uc0{\u8221} The diplomatic collar man said: \uc0{\u8220}and your name sir?\uc0{\u8221} his tone was threatening. Some poets got up from their seats. The diplomatic collar man got happy and made his way. But the poets started to challenge him. \uc0{\u8220}It is not our fault. You should have invited people to your meeting!\uc0{\u8221} The man said: \uc0{\u8220}We did! We hung banners everywhere. In this little island, we hanged ten banners.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Then, no one was interested.\uc0{\u8221} One of the women said. The diplomatic collar man popped out his eyes: \uc0{\u8220}not interested? Impossible!\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}impossible is impossible!\uc0{\u8221} replied the other woman. The diplomatic collar man said: \uc0{\u8220}alright, let us start from the beginning again. Why you cannot dedicate one hour of your time to your hometown. To your hometown?\uc0{\u8221} one of the men said: \uc0{\u8220}We can.\uc0{\u8221} The diplomatic collar man said: \uc0{\u8220}Great! Let\uc0{\u8217}s go.\uc0{\u8221} The poet continued: \uc0{\u8220}but nor now! Because we have this meeting now.\uc0{\u8221} The diplomatic collar man said: \uc0{\u8220}there is always plenty of time for poems and stuff.\uc0{\u8221} A woman said: \uc0{\u8220}it is not true.\uc0{\u8221} Ahmed brought out his cigarette box and put it on his lap. Someone said: \uc0{\u8220}We don\uc0{\u8217}t have any questions!\uc0{\u8221} The diplomatic collar man replied: \uc0{\u8220}but you want to continue this meeting next week as well,\uc0{\u8221} he indicated to the moderator \uc0{\u8220}Could you please come here for a second?\uc0{\u8221} The big man came in and commanded: \uc0{\u8220}Everyone this way please,\uc0{\u8221} And guide the poets to the study hall \uc0{\u8220}it is not allowed to leave the venue. You already cannot fill all the seats.\uc0{\u8221} The janitor had put his chair in front of the main entrance to block the way. Someone nagged: \uc0{\u8220}But we want to smoke.\uc0{\u8221} The diplomatic collar man acerbity said: \uc0{\u8220}Let it for later. You\uc0{\u8217}ve already kept Mr. minister waiting a long time.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everyone entered the hall angrily. The light projectors were turned on and the cameraman recorded the entrance of the youth. Ahmad sat on the first seat, put his cigarettes on the table, opened his poem and placed it in front of himself. The mayor was smiling and the minister kept himself pretending to be bust talking to the others. In a few seconds, the conference table became covered with books, notes, papers, pens and pencils. Zabih tried to make eye contact one more time but suddenly realised that the big man is glaring at him. Ahmed pulled a cigarette out of the box and automatically put it over his ear. Toughly trying to speak formally, the minister aimlessly rambled on. He tried to make jokes but no one laughed. Ahmed took his cigarette and gently put it in his mouth. One of the miner\uc0{\u8217}s companions gave him a blameful look but he did not notice. The mayor invited the audience to raise their questions. Ahmad unfolded his poem and folded it again. There was absolute silence. The moderator pushed his back against the chair and kept it chair balanced on the back legs. The minister coughed. Ahmed took the cigarette and put it on his ear again, looking at the nervous faces of his friends. And reached out his arm boringly. The eyes of the mayor sparkled. \uc0{\u8220}Could you please first introduce yourself and then as a young man from the isle ask your question from Mr. minister?\uc0{\u8221} Said the mayor. The cameraman hinted at him to take the cigarette off his ear. Ahmed took the cigarette and kept it in his hand. \uc0{\u8220}I am Ahmed.\uc0{\u8221} Everyone was silent, expecting Ahmed\uc0{\u8217}s question. The pause was so long. The mayor said: \uc0{\u8220}Great! Nice to meet you, Ahmed. This is your chance to ask any question you have directly from Mr. minster. The floor is yours!\uc0{\u8221} Ahmed cleared his throat. Kept the cigarette in front of his face between the index and the middle finger and said: \uc0{\u8220}Yes, my question is do have a light?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\sect
}