{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr12\min09\sec00}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr12\min09\sec00}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Back to my Family I still remember my Dad used to tell me that if you don\uc0{\u8217}t follow your parents Education the world will teach you a lesson, According to\uc0{\u160} The Human Search for Meaning\uc0{\u8221} this life explain the main situation how people are looking for the meaning of there is life some used World Religion by demonstrating that God is one other used the same by saying that gods are many. Philosophy, social, poets and Scientifics, and I keep The inherently private nature of the construct of meaning calls for a multidimensional and holistic view to explore more closely how it is experienced subjectively by individuals themselves. This article briefly outlines three areas to advance understanding and practice of the human search for meaning: theoretical aspects of the search, I also believe the same Every human being leaving in this life and try to create a new way of adopting in this life and have a way of having a meaning of our way of leaving.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As women being we have to create a new method by leaving our life in this world that keeps leaving for the better. For Example Art, Music is the best way we can be adopted on how to play music when needed by us. Teachers may create different opportunities to encourage meaningful dialogue in class, in small discussion groups, and in pairs making students to have a good creativity and have a good result by improving their leaving system, the \uc0{\u160}souls allow for in-depth exploration, insights, and awareness. \uc0{\u160}Examples of such questions may include questions of personal identity (who am I? who are my heroes? when do I feel authentically myself? what makes me happy? what is meaningful to me?), questions of calling (where am I going? why am I here?), \uc0{\u160}questions of ethics\uc0{\u160} (what is the right thing to do?), questions of personal belief (what do I believe in?), questions of self-realization (what is a worthy purpose to me?), \uc0{\u160}and questions of meaning\uc0{\u160} (how is my life meaningful? what will\uc0{\u160} I leave behind?).\uc0{\u160} Practicing the skill of asking questions is important to develop active involvement and creativity, and can be done as part of the curriculum or as part of a daily ritual\uc0{\u160} (for instance,\uc0{\u160} to conclude the day with questions such as what was meaningful for you today? intriguing? inspiring? important?).}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Furthermore, I believe that we should be set as an example in everything we do this can be in our personal life, our community, in our respective classes, or in the church, every human contribution in life is very important. \uc0{\u160}One of the important things in life is to build a good and strong family and community, We also need to learn from each other in a good way, teachers who encourage children and youth to take an active role in a dialogue of genuine interest and respect establish grounds personal care and meaning for Our life. Teachers who share their own values, passions, and sources of inspiration and calling with their students enable them to develop a sense of human but as we live in this life some of the students are failing to demonstrate that care and try to give their life purpose and meaning in the family and around the community. All this doesn\uc0{\u8217}t make sense if we have teachers that help students to have a good and bright future by teaching them but when students finish school they become useless in the community.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Accept life.\uc0{\u160} Acknowledging and responsibly responding to the meaning of the moment encapsulates the essence of a meaningful life. Every moment in human existence holds a call for meaning; each situation in life is an opportunity to discern meaning. When we encourage students to choose to \uc0{\u8221}say yes to life,\uc0{\u8221} and to be completely submerged in the\uc0{\u8221}here-and-now,\uc0{\u8221} we help them engage in vital and authentic dialogue with life itself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}