{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy21\hr11\min36\sec09}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy21\hr11\min36\sec09}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The country was commemorating National Youth Day, and as per culture it was a public holiday and as such normal business was at a halt for a majority of organizations. A respite from the hustle and bustle from the streets of Harare and relax a little. I escaped a long day of having to sit for an arduous Robotics lecture which was scheduled for that day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So I drifted to Harare Sports Club, the home of cricket for a twenty-twenty fiesta. It was a six team tournament pitting the cr\uc0{\u232}me de la cr\uc0{\u232}me of all cricket sides across the country.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Turnout was low, which is not really surprise as local cricket is not really major hit as compared to when the international games come to town. I joined a few fans sitting by the embankment section and a variety of conversations ensued. Among the fans who were sitting with me there was one current national Under-19 coach and I was glad for he was giving a better insight on the ins and outs of the game in the country. One of the questions raised was why is the white batsmen play better than our fellow black counterparts at International level. The coach in response said the problem was for a long time rooted in the upbringing of the players from he grassroot level. In his words and he was speaking from his career\uc0{\u8217}s perspective the black players were brought up to be just competent enough to play whereas the white counterparts are thought to perform and deliver match winning knocka.And before you go on an uproar and bring up the racial card, hear me out dear reader, the numbers are there to back it up with the white batsman scoring more points on an International platform. As a coach now the Coach alluded he is working on the performing mind-set rather than just playing but to be motivated to be top level performers.And it is a common theme for many sportsmen, the best in class are separated from the rest by performing week in week out are the ones}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 remembered. \uc0{\u8220}GOATs\uc0{\u8221} (Greatest of all time) in sporting generations are known to be top performers. The likes of Lionel Messi, Cristiano Ronaldo, Virat Kholi, and Connor McGregor just to mention but a few. These individuals have made a name for themselves throughout their careers by consistently performing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 ***}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Following the end of the game I retired back home, the coach\uc0{\u8217}s words were still ringing in my head and I did a self-introspection on my current position in my life. As an undergraduate student I asked myself am I performing in my academics or I am just playing. And what are the repercussions in future? And as a budding writer, am I performing or am I just writing and is it the best I can do? And this goes for you as well dear reader, in whatever you are doing are you performing or you just playing. I hope we are all honest with ourselves and act accordingly. Maybe a mind-set shift is what the doctor has ordered. Just food for thought\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}