{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy18\hr20\min56\sec07}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy18\hr20\min56\sec07}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Cressida was making for a destination that was 20km away, the time was}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Reading 20:45hrs when Willy made a stunt U-turn by Gregory\uc0{\u8217}s gate. Most}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 People would take off the tarmac every time the Cressida cruises in and out of}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Haste Street for fear of their lives or any form of victimisation. As much as}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Willy had never been involved in any road accident, he was a very}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Unscrupulous driver, he at times would jump red robots, drive at highway speed}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Where only yard speed is stipulated. His driving was a sensational exhibit of Dutch}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Courage that most people attributed to his chain-smoking of marijuana. He would}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Often take to the backyard toilet of the saloon to have a puff of his joint to satisfy}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His never quenchable smoke desire. On that very day the raving was scarier than}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Before, life being so precious to risk so cheaply, everyone who was roaming on}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Haste Street hurried to the far end or the road shoulder to make way for the}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Beast, as the Cressida was affectionately nicknamed. Fellow drivers would take to}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The shoulder of the road to avoid prospects of an accident every time the beast}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Flew past in the opposite direction.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lydia was waiting anxiously for his newly found one night stander at Verandah}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lodge. She was married to Joshua, a military Sergeant who had gone out of the}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Country on a tour of duty. This left his high sex drive prone wife vulnerable to sex}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mongers like Willy without any inhabitations like parenting given that the two}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Had struggled to make any baby. Lydia was therefore free and available for social}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Engagements like partying and outing regardless of the time of the day. She was}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Also an ardent lover of ale, with Four Cousins being her favorite. Upon their one}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minute courtship in the saloon, the two had exchanged personal information}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Including that of classified confidence. Willy was known for being very quick}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At his work, but on that day in question he took forever to finish planting Lydia\uc0{\u8217}s}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Artificial dreadlocks, a task that is known to take less time than most of the saloon}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Chores.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One topic that had generated keen interest for both during their passionate}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dialogue was baby conceiving. Upon hearing that Lydia and Joshua had tried all}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The prescribed formulas from all sources, be it traditional healers, doctors and}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Prophets in Malawi, without any success for more than 10 years, Thompson}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Was quick to blame it on the firing of blanks by the out of sight soldier man. He}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Pledged to be the solution to this problem that had haunted Lydia for such a long}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Period of time. Lydia also divulged that her equally frustrated husband had}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Returned to Somalia a week ago upon completion of his Rest and Return time out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That being the case, the two agreed there was no time to waste at all, with Lydia}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Assuring her partner that it would not be easy for Joshua to doubt the paternity of}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The child because he had come with baby-making charms given to him by a certain}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Witchdoctor in Somalia that they had been using during sex before he departed}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For duty.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It had never occurred to Willy that he pays baby making attention to a lady.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This was extraordinarily unprecedented but he still derived so much interest and}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Passion as he always did with most of his sexual contrabands. He had always}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Driven the beast at maximum speed and felt the gratification, but on that day in}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Question maximum speed was not enough at all, he impatiently raved it time and}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Again, jumping critical robots, thereby scaring other road users off the road. His}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 State of rush and impatience was beyond any stretch of consciousness. That was}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Insanity. He flew past a road-rooted cluster of people without any sense of}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Inhibition triggering loud screams that got the attention of the patrolling police}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Officers who were roaming by the roadside. Being vehicle free, they could not do}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Much to halt the flouting Cressida driver who continued to cruise fast and}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Furiously, jumping another robot before astonishingly disappearing out of their}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Poor sights. Such was Willy\uc0{\u8217}s surreal level of road risk conduct which tallied}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With his unchecked and overly wild appetite for women.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The guards who were manning the boom gate of Verandah Lodge were astounded}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To witness a screaming vehicle pulling up in front of them. Aware of the security}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Protocol, Willy got out of the beast and inquired about the whereabouts of a}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Certain stout lady who goes by the name Lydia. The security personnel ushered}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Him into where his prey for the time was anxiously waiting. As was his norm,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Willy never wasted any time by the front office of any hotel, lodge or guest}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 House. He stepped in together with his one minute lover and paid the booking}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Room fee that he had to. In a state of immense pleasure, the two fondled each}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Other as they walked into their booked facility without any measure of shame and}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 regret.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Being as overzealous as usual, Willy enthusiastically wrestled her lover for}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the night onto the room couch. Out of mutuality, Lydia could not resist the}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 exerted force, but only danced to the pushy tune of his casual bedroom inmate.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One thing that flabbergasted her was Willy\uc0{\u8217}s relentless romance which made}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 it appear as if he was never going to let go of her till the cops came knocking. It}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 got very hot on the couch as the romantic Willy started touching all the}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 sacred places on Lydia\uc0{\u8217}s appetizing body. He passionately stripped her naked,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 threw her to the bed, jumped onto her with the staunch desire of a teenager}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 making love for the very first time. The passive Lydia was rendered defenceless as}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the nostalgic Willy started firing from all cylinders. Lydia unleashed a scream}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 that sounded like a shriek. The scream was so vociferous that it may have reached}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 all the corners of Verandah lodge. What remains a mystery is whether it was a}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 result of pain or pleasure. It is a question of hope that the screams were also not}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 barren but were accompanied by the conception of the illusive baby that Lydia}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 was desperate to have. This was to be proven with the passage of time, but what}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 remained vividly clear is the establishment of an up close and personal intimate}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 relationship that had the propensity to transcend the one night stand plan the two}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 had mutually agreed on.}}\par
\sect
}