{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy05\hr10\min11\sec47}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy05\hr10\min11\sec47}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe my eyes, all the anticipation for the match-up was marred by this act. Reading the confessions retrospectively of some the teammates they weren\uc0{\u8217}t aware that Andy Flower and and Henry Olonga were going to do that.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The year was 2003, and we were particularly excited. South Africa had beeen given the rights to host the ICC cricket world cup but Cricket South Africa had given Zimbabwe six group matches to host. Essentially we were co-hosting the tournament and this had got the nation excited. Cricket in the country around this time felt like a minority sport. But the tide was slowly changing at turn of the millenium. The game was filtering in the ghetto and we would play it on the streets. With our makeshift bats made by the famous carpenter, \uc0{\u8217}Mandebvu\uc0{\u8217} who lived down the road. Old disposed tyres as our stumps together with our unorthodox bowling actions, we were having the time of our lives. I was also excited to see the national team on television. We weren\uc0{\u8217}t favourites to win the tournament but we had our own fair share of world class talent. The likes of Andy Flower who was once rated as the best batter in the world. His brother Grant, Tatenda Taibu and Heath Streak. These were all potential winnerson their day, and it added to the intrigue as we hoped Zimbabwe can spring some major upsets by beating the much fancied teams. We were playing Namibia first, a significantly weaker team and we all expected to win comfortably.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But just before the match, Andy Flower came out and alongside Henry Olonga and issued a statement that shook the whole cricket & political landscape in Zimbabwe.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}In all the circumstances, we have decided that we will each wear a black armband for the duration of the World Cup. In doing so we are mourning the death of democracy in our beloved Zimbabwe. In doing so we are making a silent plea to those responsible to stop the abuse of human rights in Zimbabwe. In doing so, we pray that our small action may help to restore sanity and dignity to our nation.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember my dad kept on saying, \uc0{\u8221}haa ipolitics idzi, politics idzi.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The political environment in the early noughties was toxic to say the least. The year prior to the world cup was marred with a very violent presidential election against the opposition. This was compounded with the ongoing land reform program. From 2000, land was being redistributed and the the white farmers were targeted who possesed much of the land then.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When Flower came in to bat he had a black insulating tape on in accordance to the protest. Zimbabwe went on to win the game and had a decent tournament overall. But the protest was the talking point throughout the course of Zimbabwe\uc0{\u8217}s participation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Flower and Olonga divided opinion throughout with some claiming he showed lack of patriotism whilst some were to their side saying it\uc0{\u8217}s pretty commendable that influential sports people to speak out on pertinent social and political issues.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Whilst I concur that sports people have the right to speak out, I think the timing was off and took the shine off a historic moment for}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the country.}}\par
\sect
}