{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy28\hr15\min51\sec17}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy28\hr15\min51\sec17}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Moammad Reza:Radio}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The black shadow of the night spread over the vast city. In the dimly lit street, an old man walked with slow steps. Clad in old clothes and a black tie, he paid no attention to the darkness of the night, continuing on his path.At the street intersection, an antique shop was still open, seemingly intending to stay active until morning. The shop\uc0{\u8217}s lights were responsible for keeping the street illuminated. The old man, still moving with slow steps, reached the antique shop. He intended to continue on his way when his eyes fell upon an old radio in the shop window.Seeing the radio, his feet betrayed him, preventing him from continuing his journey. He hesitated and stopped behind the window, staring at the radio. The radio, like a time machine, transported him to distant times. To times long ago\uc0{\u8230}The old man entered the shop to take a closer look at the radio. The radio unearthed many memories buried in the old man\uc0{\u8217}s mind under the dust of time, prompting the elderly man to change his course into the store.The old man, entering the shop, found it empty. He glanced around but found no sign of anyone. \uc0{\u8221}Hello? Is anyone here?\uc0{\u8221} There was still no sign of the shop owner. The old man tried his luck again, \uc0{\u8221}Hello? I wanted this radio.\uc0{\u8221}At that moment, a middle-aged man appeared from behind the counter and said, \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m at your service, sir, please proceed.\uc0{\u8221}The old man, turning towards the radio, said, \uc0{\u8221}This radio\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}The shopkeeper moved towards the showcase, picked up the radio, and said, \uc0{\u8221}Ah, this radio. It\uc0{\u8217}s quite old, I think it\uc0{\u8217}s had a half-century of life. It has captured the eyes of many so far.\uc0{\u8221}The old man continued to gaze at the radio. The shopkeeper continued, \uc0{\u8221}Several years ago, I bought it along with some other items from an old house. It\uc0{\u8217}s unclear what fate it had.\uc0{\u8221}The old man, with trembling hands, took the radio and examined it more closely. The shopkeeper said, \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}ve always wondered about the stories behind these items. What things they have seen, whose hands have touched them. If only they could speak and tell us their own fate.\uc0{\u8221}The old man looked at a point on the radio. The shopkeeper looked at the same spot that had caught the old man\uc0{\u8217}s attention and saw an inscription: \uc0{\u8221}Dedicated to my most beautiful.\uc0{\u8221}The shopkeeper laughed, \uc0{\u8221}This is one of those mysteries I\uc0{\u8217}d like to know. Surely it must have been a lover\uc0{\u8217}s gift.\uc0{\u8221}The old man slowly said, \uc0{\u8221}I wrote this.\uc0{\u8221}The shopkeeper, as if misunderstanding, asked, \uc0{\u8221}What? You? Does that mean this radio belonged to you?\uc0{\u8221}A tear drop revealed itself in the corner of the old man\uc0{\u8217}s eye, trickling down his wrinkled cheek. The shopkeeper said, \uc0{\u8221}Oh, so maybe we can hear the story of this radio. Would you like to sit and talk about it?\uc0{\u8221}The old man didn\uc0{\u8217}t reply and continued to move the radio up and down. The shopkeeper moved towards the counter and said, \uc0{\u8221}Sit down, let me bring you a cup of tea, and we can chat.\uc0{\u8221}The shopkeeper went to the kitchen but found no trace of the old man when he returned with a cup of tea. The radio was left abandoned in the corner of the showcase. The shopkeeper walked towards the door and looked outside. The old man was walking away.With a puzzled shrug, the shopkeeper went back inside, gradually thinking about closing the shop. Ten minutes passed until the door opened again, and a young man entered the shop.The young man nervously said, \uc0{\u8221}Good evening, excuse me, did you see an old man in a suit with a cane, a bit absent-minded, passing through here or sitting somewhere?\uc0{\u8221}The shopkeeper replied, \uc0{\u8221}Actually, ten minutes ago, an old man was here. He seemed to like this radio, and I was about to sit with him to talk, but suddenly he was gone. I live alone, and this shop doesn\uc0{\u8217}t have enough customers to keep me busy. So when someone comes, I prefer to keep them in the shop a bit longer.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now, what will happen to your old man? The young man said, \uc0{\u8221}He\uc0{\u8217}s my father; he has Alzheimer\uc0{\u8217}s. When he loses a bit of focus, he wanders out of the house.\uc0{\u8221}The shopkeeper, surprised, said, \uc0{\u8221}Alzheimer\uc0{\u8217}s? But it seemed like he had a good memory\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}And he moved towards the radio, saying, \uc0{\u8221}He was looking at this radio a lot.\uc0{\u8221}The young man asked, \uc0{\u8221}This radio? Why?\uc0{\u8221}The shopkeeper replied, \uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know, but it seemed to remind him of a very distant memory.\uc0{\u8221}The young man chuckled and said, \uc0{\u8221}My father doesn\uc0{\u8217}t remember anything. You must be mistaken.\uc0{\u8221}The shopkeeper said, \uc0{\u8221}Your father wore a hat and a suit, with a cane, and his hands trembled a bit, right?\uc0{\u8221}The young man confirmed, \uc0{\u8221}Yes, that\uc0{\u8217}s him.\uc0{\u8221}The shopkeeper said, \uc0{\u8221}He might not remember, but I think this radio\uc0{\u8230} yes, it was his\uc0{\u8230} I gave it to him.\uc0{\u8221}The young man asked, \uc0{\u8221}To whom?\uc0{\u8221}The shopkeeper smiled and said, \uc0{\u8221}Never mind\uc0{\u8230} go find your father before he gets lost.\uc0{\u8221}The young man hastily said, \uc0{\u8221}Thank you\uc0{\u8230} which way did he go?\uc0{\u8221}The shopkeeper said, \uc0{\u8221}To the right\uc0{\u8230} go, son.\uc0{\u8221}The young man left the shop. The shopkeeper glanced at the path the young man took and then looked at the radio in his hands. With a smile, he whispered to himself, \uc0{\u8221}Love is never forgotten\uc0{\u8230} what a destiny this radio had.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\sect
}