{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy03\hr17\min23\sec52}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy03\hr17\min23\sec52}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 **Rain**}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A delightful autumn evening, accompanied by heavy rain, had given the city of Mashhad a unique charm. It felt as if, like that famous line from the movie *Taxi Driver*, the rain that was supposed to wash away all the filth of the city had finally begun. It had been a long time since such a heavy rain had fallen on the city. People walked under the rain with joy, smiling as they sought shelter to avoid getting soaked. The cool breeze that flowed through the city with the rain breathed new life into the city\uc0{\u8217}s lifeless form.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Some people stood in the rain, happily embracing the downpour. Among the millions in the city excited by the heavy rain, a young man and woman quickly made their way to a shopping mall to avoid getting wet. The man was relatively slim and of average height. He appeared to be approaching his late thirties. His long, curly hair, along with a red scarf, white shirt, and black pants, gave him a somewhat artistic look. Beside him was his fianc\uc0{\u233}e, a girl about 5 or 6 years younger. She had long hair that reached down to her waist, slightly above her hips, and wore a red hat that matched the man\uc0{\u8217}s scarf. She was dressed in a long yellow blouse with long sleeves and black jeans.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the young couple entered the mall, the man closed his umbrella and shook it off, while the girl, pulling the ends of her sleeves toward her mouth, tried to warm them with her breath and stopped beside him. The young man, after closing the umbrella and shaking it, said, \uc0{\u8221}What a rain\uc0{\u8230} It\uc0{\u8217}s been a long time since we had such a downpour.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The girl, ignoring the man, approached a shop window to check her reflection. The young man walked over to her and said, \uc0{\u8221}Do you want to go home?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Still paying no attention to the man, she continued fixing her hair in the shop window and said, \uc0{\u8221}No! What would we do at home? Isn\uc0{\u8217}t it a shame to waste such beautiful weather by sitting in that shabby apartment?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young man nodded in agreement and said, \uc0{\u8221}Whatever you like. Do you want to walk around the mall for a bit?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young woman, having finished inspecting herself in the shop window, looked at the young man and said, \uc0{\u8221}I really wish we could go to a caf\uc0{\u233} and sit down. It\uc0{\u8217}s been a long time since we went to a caf\uc0{\u233} together.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young man lowered his head and said, \uc0{\u8221}I wish I could die sooner\uc0{\u8230} A man who can\uc0{\u8217}t take his wife to a caf\uc0{\u233} might as well be dead. I promise, when I find a job, I\uc0{\u8217}ll take you to the best caf\uc0{\u233} in town with my first paycheck\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The girl took the man\uc0{\u8217}s hand and said, \uc0{\u8221}Saman, you are the best man in the world\uc0{\u8230} I know if you had money, you wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t hold back on anything. But I\uc0{\u8217}m human too, and sometimes I just want to have a little fun. Don\uc0{\u8217}t be upset by what I said\uc0{\u8230} I was just venting.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young man, trying to control the tear gathering in the corner of his eye, said, \uc0{\u8221}Sometimes I think that if instead of choosing an artistic field, I had entered the job market, maybe I\uc0{\u8217}d have good money like everyone else now. At least I wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t be struggling to afford a simple caf\uc0{\u233} outing\uc0{\u8230} It\uc0{\u8217}s been a long time since I could even buy a decent set of clothes for myself or for you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The girl squeezed his hand tighter and said, \uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s okay, we\uc0{\u8217}ll be rich one day too. Look at this hat and scarf set I knitted for us\uc0{\u8212}doesn\uc0{\u8217}t it look great on us? We couldn\uc0{\u8217}t have bought such a beautiful set for even a million.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young man smiled, hugged the girl, and let that single tear escape his eye as he said, \uc0{\u8221}Anita, you\uc0{\u8217}re God\uc0{\u8217}s greatest gift to me\uc0{\u8230} If I never catch a break in life, you\uc0{\u8217}re my biggest blessing. I hope I can repay all the kindness and bear the hardships you\uc0{\u8217}ve endured because of me.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young girl nestled deeper into the boy\uc0{\u8217}s embrace and said, \uc0{\u8221}Saman, I\uc0{\u8217}d rather eat dry bread with you than live in the fanciest neighborhoods of this city. Don\uc0{\u8217}t be sad\uc0{\u8230} I just said that for no reason.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young man gently released his arms from around her, looked into her eyes, and said, \uc0{\u8221}I promise I\uc0{\u8217}ll give you the best life\uc0{\u8230} I know one day my bad luck will end. It\uc0{\u8217}s not my fault that art is so undervalued here\uc0{\u8230} I\uc0{\u8217}ve created and acted in several plays. You saw it yourself\uc0{\u8230} but still, this is my situation\uc0{\u8230} I\uc0{\u8217}m sorry.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anita took Saman\uc0{\u8217}s left hand and started walking, saying, \uc0{\u8221}Enough of the lamenting\uc0{\u8230} everything will be fine very soon\uc0{\u8230} Now let\uc0{\u8217}s go explore the mall a little, and then we can walk home.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Saman smiled, and they started walking. The two strolled leisurely hand in hand, window shopping the luxury stores filled with expensive goods until they reached a jewelry store. Anita paused for a moment, wanting to look at the jewelry behind the glass, but when she noticed Saman\uc0{\u8217}s sad face, she continued walking. Saman didn\uc0{\u8217}t move and held Anita back with his hand, saying, \uc0{\u8221}I know you want to see the jewelry. We don\uc0{\u8217}t have to pay to look at it. Thank God this one\uc0{\u8217}s free\uc0{\u8230} come, take a look.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anita, with reluctance, said, \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m not interested in gold at all. Let\uc0{\u8217}s go, Saman.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Saman still didn\uc0{\u8217}t move and said, \uc0{\u8221}Come, look\uc0{\u8230} I know I can\uc0{\u8217}t afford to buy it for you now, but pick one, and when I have money, I\uc0{\u8217}ll buy you this exact piece.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anita laughed and said, \uc0{\u8221}You promised\uc0{\u8230} When you\uc0{\u8217}re rich, you have to buy it for me.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anita came to the jewelry store\uc0{\u8217}s window and stopped. Saman stood behind her. The jewelry was lined up row after row\uc0{\u8212}necklaces, bangles, rings, and bracelets in stylish and attractive designs were displayed behind the glass. The sound of the rain could still be heard, and the mall was busier than usual due to the rain. Upbeat, lively music echoed from some of the shops.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anita gazed at the jewelry with interest. Saman, hands in his pockets, stood behind her, trying to see the jewelry. Suddenly, the reflection of Anita\uc0{\u8217}s excited face and the sparkle in her eyes as she admired the jewelry caught Saman\uc0{\u8217}s attention. Saman lowered his head and quietly said, \uc0{\u8221}If you\uc0{\u8217}re this excited just by seeing this jewelry, how happy would you be if it were yours\uc0{\u8230} and how miserable am I that I can\uc0{\u8217}t give you that happiness.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anita realized that she hadn\uc0{\u8217}t been able to hide her feelings and said, \uc0{\u8221}Nah, I don\uc0{\u8217}t need gold.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Saman shook his head and said, \uc0{\u8221}Well, tell me which one you like?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anita raised her hand and said, \uc0{\u8221}Do you see that ring with the white gold and a stone in the middle? Do you think it would look good on my hand?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Saman took Anita\uc0{\u8217}s hand with a smile and said, \uc0{\u8221}As Shakespeare said, \uc0{\u8216}Beauties are adorned by jewels, but you\uc0{\u8217}re so beautiful that you adorn the jewels\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anita laughed and said, \uc0{\u8221}Oh, you and your sweet talk\uc0{\u8230} Shall we go?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Saman laughed and said, \uc0{\u8221}If I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have this sweet talk, I\uc0{\u8217}d have to die. Let\uc0{\u8217}s go\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They both walked past the jewelry store, but Anita kept glancing at that ring, and Saman didn\uc0{\u8217}t miss this look.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The rain had almost stopped. People, now refreshed and full of energy, were bustling through the streets. Anita and Saman walked hand in hand toward home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next morning, the weather was still cloudy. In the crowded and noisy streets of the metropolis of Mashhad, a young man was walking with uncertainty. As we get closer, we see Saman, hands in his pockets, lost in thought as he walks. His black shirt and pants, without the scarf, made his appearance a bit more distinct. He had left the house in the morning to look for work but had been so overwhelmed by his thoughts that he continued walking without visiting a job agency or marketplace.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In this state, someone bumped into him hard and walked away. The man who bumped him turned back as he hurried away, angrily saying, \uc0{\u8221}Hey, get out of the middle of the sidewalk\uc0{\u8230} What do you think you\uc0{\u8217}re doing, taking a bride?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The man said this and hurried away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Saman shook his head and thought to himself, \uc0{\u8221}He bumped into me, and he\uc0{\u8217}s still upset.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Saman looked around and realized he had reached the mall where he had been with Anita the previous night. He hesitated for a moment and then entered the mall. He walked up to the jewelry store\uc0{\u8217}s window and glanced at the display. His eyes were drawn to the ring that had caught Anita\uc0{\u8217}s attention the day before. He looked inside the store and saw that, aside from the seller, no one was inside.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He looked around and took off his shoes. He removed his newly worn black sock from his foot. He looked at it and then looked inside the store. He thought to himself, \uc0{\u8221}I have no other choice\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A street vendor was selling various items at the entrance of the mall\uc0{\u8212}nail clippers, scissors, knives, bath sponges, and more. Saman approached him and bought a knife. He returned to the jewelry store\uc0{\u8217}s window, pulled the sock over his head, and hurried into the jewelry store\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The rain began to pour down again\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}