{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy25\hr06\min51\sec59}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy25\hr06\min51\sec59}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Rainbow doesn\uc0{\u8217}t feed usRainbow doesn\uc0{\u8217}t feed us, it doesn\uc0{\u8217}t wet soil for the crops to grow, it doesn\uc0{\u8217}t hold down the dust on the crust surface of the soil. Rainbow glorifies the sky, it overlooking various colors upon us seems to remind us of our diversity on earth\uc0{\u8212}so different but beautifully knitted together.In Tongogara, all failed rains are marked by sheets of rainbow beautifully rising from the horizon of the east and gracefully extending their length to the center of the sky. My little sister Chuchu calls them the beads of the sky. She knows all the colors by their names. \uc0{\u8220}Red, yellow, green, orange.\uc0{\u8221} she would say by counting her little fingers from her left hand to her right hand. Her obsession with rainbow colors enables her to top the color-test class with her nursery teacher admiring her for her smart brain.My family owns a household garden at a wide irrigational scheme of tens of hectares on the outskirt of the Camp. The twenty steps length by four steps width has been the garden that feeds us. The quantity of the yield is not enough to push us through all year round but complementary enough to push us through a few months. It is not just our main source of food but it provides dietary supplements.Like other families having portions of land at that farm, our family grows maize and beans. In the early month of December, we throw our maize corn in shallowly loose holes under the crust of the top heap of clay soil. The planting takes place in what is supposed to be the rainy season but certainly, the sky wears its beads and the rain doesn\uc0{\u8217}t come. In June, we planted our beans clearly in the same manner.My Mum and Dad are the chiefs of our garden. Mum get up every morning and walked a distance of 30 minutes to supervise our crops. In her routine exercise, she takes the longest way to the main office and branches behind a vocational training center just a few steps after Tongogara Primary school. She passes through a short grope and reaches the irrigational schemes.One day in January on New Year\uc0{\u8217}s Eve, a buffalo found its way to the bush at the perimeter of the farm. It curled itself around a gum tree and it gave a deceptive appearance of a brown cow. My Mum and the other group of people ignored it and continued their march towards the farm so endeared in Swahili conversation in their resolute walk.The buffalo rose to its height and began to march towards them too as if they were all relatives who would exchange some early morning greetings or hugs.Within a few feet when the face of the buffalo grew familiar, all hell broke out and the group of early risers turned back in a dramatic run.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The buffalo also in its own way gripped by fears in the face of such a commotion ran in the opposite direction deeply to the bush. The incident occurred as if their meeting were not arranged in a proper manner and if only the scene were filmed, the video would go viral with millions of viewers.Mom and Dad call us the children to join them during every planting day. On the day we take the seeds to the garden, we would close our house in tight preparation. We would assemble our tools, especially hoes, and machetes, and a full plastic bag dusted with insecticide to preserve the seeds to be carried afar to the field. During that day, any kind of decent trouser is a good choice. I and my sisters would wear our Jeans and Mom would be in her big woolen trouser, heavy, black with broad legs. My younger sister would take our last-born sister to nursery school holding her hurriedly by her tinny hand and would later come back to join us in the garden.The planting procedure begins in earnest at the time we reach the garden. Our Dad assigns roles among us. He and my brothers take over the digging. As they led the digging before us, we would hit the ground running in our assignment of filling the holes with seeds. Mom, my sisters, and I drop the seeds into the holes and cover them with soil using our feet. The soil is brown and as loose as if its organics matters were long depleted.I don\uc0{\u8217}t like the daunting work handled upon us but it is none negotiable because to be a good daughter or a good wife is to respect the verdict of your father or your husband. I love the digging mostly because it is not so tiresome because not much energy is deployed and no big deal of bending up and down is needed. Dad and my brother look so neat even after the planting is over. As for us women, we dust ourselves and became so tired and my younger sister\uc0{\u8217}s brown hair turned so brown and thickly set like a baked brick. I and my elder sister used to cover our heads with a scarf so that dust doesn\uc0{\u8217}t touch our hair. My mom use to cover her hair with a long bar of clothing she has been keeping just for planting and harvesting.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the Lowveld of the Chipinge District especially in the rural areas, farmers don\uc0{\u8217}t rely on rain-fed agricultural farming. The climate has changed as Zimbabwe bears an intense drought. Tongogara is not exclusive. The rains rain with dust storms, cyclones, and rainbows.With the help of Humanitarian organizations and the government, Long dykes are excavated in a parallel manner across the field. This is where we draw water for our garden. Because the water is not sufficient to cover the whole irrigation scheme every day, every canal is given some days to irrigate the gardens along its bank. In our turn, we usually allocate duties to water our garden. We took long pipes and dive them into the canal as we point their tips to our garden. The water sometimes may move slowly if the canal is shallow on that particular day.The most joyous moment is the harvest season, especially for maize. we locked our house and each and every member of us goes to the field. During that day, even little Chuchu goes to the field. As we go for the maize harvesting, we are no longer holding machetes but matches. After removing a number of cobs from the stalks, we grade them. Good quality and lower rate differently, the hard one and the soft one. My Father and my brothers led the way but for us children and our mother, we dodge to participate in the hard work to attend to the best part of the occasion, roasting corn.We would sit down under the tree while others are harvesting. I and my little sister would enter into the surrounding bushes to start collecting firewood. We would also assemble some leaves from the maize stalk to the support the fire to catch fire soon. And we start to light the fire, starting to roast the corn, and eat whilst we waited for carts or bicycles to carry the maize.When harvesting, one would push the stalk of the maize into the ground and pluck out the cobs. Those stalks would remain leaning on the ground until they are decomposed. Maize harvesting actually takes a whole day. It needs a good preparation, so we go with food and water. If we couldn\uc0{\u8217}t manage to finish the whole field which is most of the cases, we hire someone whom we give a half bucket of corns after accomplishing the work. When harvesting, my dad and brother are the ones uprooting the stalks and push them on the ground. My mother and my sisters remove the cobs and put them in the sacks.Unlike harvesting beans that we usually uproot and the whole stem and carry home only to pick at home, maize harvesting is done and has to finish on the field. Maize harvesting is a daunting work but it is a task we young people like because of the largesse the day has.Farming was ones of our traditional livelihood back from our home. Most of the planting seasons, we have a good yield unless the harvesting is quite bad because of the drought. The maximum buckets we harvest are ten and that drive our family to some months without the need of buying any maize flour from the market. Unlike a bucket of beans which costs, 22 US Dollars, a bucket of maize goes for $7 US dollars. If our need to get some money is high especially when the money from the humanitarian aid is not yet disbursed we end selling a bucket or two.Tongogara buyers don\uc0{\u8217}t accept a full bucket to pay for as a full bucket, they expect more than that. My mother would fill the bucket until it head became so conical that it can fill a small tin if it is slide away. That level of generosity to stimulate the demand is also met with hard bargaining, The buyers and sellers would go on and on whether to pays $7 or accept $6 until one of them relent for the sake of time.In a place like Tongogara or anywhere in the world where person of forced displacement resided, humanitarian aid is their lifesaving support but that is very limited and a complimentary pathway is needed. So a traditional livelihood is highly recommended to support such group of people and for that matter, farming is the essential part of our livelihood in Tongogara Refugee Camp.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}