{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy18\hr07\min33\sec13}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy18\hr07\min33\sec13}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a chilly December night, the moon was in full swing giving off \uc0{\u8221}new beginning\uc0{\u8221} vibes, and that alone was enough to convince me I was doing the right thing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It had been two months since my family and i relocated to the US via the UNHCR Relocation Programme. An event that had cost us our entire lives, so many sacrifices and toils. I am supposed to feel some kind of relief when i think of the fact that \uc0{\u8221}we made it\uc0{\u8221}. but somehow, i always find myself trying to suppress the anxiety that builds up. Fitting into this whole new society where literally everything was so different, kind of scared me. I was scared because i had spent almost my entire life in transit, constantly moving from one place to the other. In hopes that one day we will reach this \uc0{\u8217}final destination\uc0{\u8221} all refugees dream of. Now that i am finally here, instead of being excited, i feel scared. scared that maybe i will never really fit into the Western world where African traditional cultures and beliefs are irrelevant. But tonight, was my re-invention. Tonight i decided to let go of all those silly psychological chains and let go, just, embrace the new space and let go of the old.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My thoughts were quickly interrupted by my mother\uc0{\u8217}s voice shouting my name from the living room. \uc0{\u8217}Dunia!,\uc0{\u160} uko wapi!?\uc0{\u8217}. I rolled my eyes at how annoying it was for me how my mother insisted on screaming in our native language Swahili instead of practicing and promoting English at home. It\uc0{\u8217}s not that i don\uc0{\u8217}t like our language, but I am rather tired of \uc0{\u8221}standing out\uc0{\u8221} in every neighborhood, every school, and every place we stay as \uc0{\u8221}the foreigners\uc0{\u8221}. For once, i wanted to remain discreet and quiet about our background. When I didn\uc0{\u8217}t answer, Mom came into my room, still in her DRY-Cleaners\uc0{\u8217} Uniform. She looked so tired. \uc0{\u8221}Uko na fanya nini?\uc0{\u8221}. \uc0{\u8221}I am just tidying my room Mom\uc0{\u8221} i replied as i scrambled my hands around my desk trying to hide the makeup i had been using that was sprawled all over the dressing table. She quickly gave me some instructions and duties to perform tomorrow which included doing the laundry, helping my siblings with their homework, and grabbing some essentials from the grocery store. I agreed quickly trying not to draw any attention to my made-up face, but Mom was too tired to notice and left my room as quickly as she came in. I let out a sigh of relief that she hadn\uc0{\u8217}t noticed the clothes laid out on the bed or that my hair was styled. Happy that I has succeeded, I continued preparing myself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A while later my phone rang as a new text came in. It was Amber telling me they were parked outside. Amber was a friend i had met at my new school. She is fun to be around and with her, i never feel left out. So when she invited me to join her and \uc0{\u8217}the guys\uc0{\u8221} to a party, this time, i didn\uc0{\u8217}t refuse like I had done the past hundred times. I took a last glance at myself in the mirror, practiced a few facial expressions, and was ready to head out. I quietly opened my bedroom window, grabbed my purse, and tried to sneak out as quietly as i could. Luckily my room was on the ground floor so it was easier than i thought. i was greeted by the night chilly air as it hit my face. I took a deep breath and reassured myself once more that I was doing the right thing and quickly sprinted across the yard to where the car was parked. I got in and was warmly greeted by Amber and \uc0{\u8221}the guys\uc0{\u8221}. We took off with me, Amber, and a guy called \uc0{\u8217}Jake\uc0{\u8217} in the back and another two guys i recognized as Amber\uc0{\u8217}s friends occupying the front seats.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was loud rock music playing and everyone seemed so happy singing and laughing as ciders were passed around the car. Jake offered me a sip, i shyly declined, mumbling that i don\uc0{\u8217}t drink. He chuckled lightly exposing the brightest teeth and perfect smirk that mesmerized me. He has a perfectly structured face with firm jaws and dark eyes and a smile that was, like i said, \uc0{\u8217}mesmerizing\uc0{\u8217}. When he tried again, convincing me that ciders were hardly alcoholic and that it was just like a tangy fruit juice. He handed me the bottle again and this time, i took a sip from it. the liquid was sweet and sour at the same time and it warmed me up as it melted down my throat. He smiled again with a quirky expression on his face as he chucked at my reaction to the drink. trying not to be so uptight, i tried to lighten up and continued taking more sips and i felt my tense muscles relaxing. The mood in the car was just as i hoped, a bunch of teenagers singing along to rock music, laughing and sharing drinks as we headed to the party. I rolled down my window, took out my head, closed my eyes, and let my braids sway in the wind and my face takes in the nice cool breeze.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As i positioned my head back into the car, i was just on time to see the horrified expression on Amber\uc0{\u8217}s face as she screamed \uc0{\u8217}WATCH OUT\uc0{\u8217}!!!. before i could see what she was referring to, i heard a loud bang and before i knew it, the car was rolling downhill!, vigorously shaking, windows breaking, and before i could wrap my mind around what was happening,\uc0{\u160} there was a louder crash, and unconsciousness swept over me like a warm blanket.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I slowly opened my eyes, it was dark, quiet and the air was filled with smoke. I choked trying to find the strength and voice to call out, to no avail. I was upside down!.\uc0{\u160} my eyes slowly started to adjust to the dark, allowing me to make out some silohuettes. Every part of my body ached as i tried to move it, my brain still waking and trying to grasp what had just happened. I looked around in fear and realized i was still in the car, small broken glass everywhere. I tried to move, but the seatbelt had tightly held me in place and refused to unlock. My fingers searched around for a sharp object to cut it. I found a piece of sharp class and cut my way through the strap. I fell to the ground which was actually the roof of the car, scrambled and crawled my way out of the smoking vehicle, and attempted to stand up but shrieked in pain the moment i put weight on it, and fell back down.. I looked around in desperation to find any source of help, all i saw were small flames burning pieces of material from the vehicle, and a lot of smoke coming out from the damaged vehicle that was upside down. I could hardly see what \uc0{\u8230}or who was inside it. My heart thumped so loud, a cold sweat trickled down my face as i tried to master the courage to go back to the vehicle and find the others.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I started to crawl or rather drag myself forward but stopped dead in my tracks when i heard a weak \uc0{\u8217}HELP\uc0{\u8217}! .I froze \uc0{\u8230} and looked to my left where the voice came from. Relieved that i was not alone, i was also scared of what i might discover when i find the voice. Was it Amber??. was she badly injured?? Not wasting any more time, i dragged myself not minding my injured leg, to where the person called from. I soon saw a figure,laying down struggling to move, breathing heavily as if in alot of pain. i got closer and with help from the moolight, saw Jakes face. He looked weak and defeated and in pain, but most of all, he looked scared too. I got closer and was shocked at the stunned expesssion on his face when he saw mine. Tears swelled up in his eyes as he stared at me in horror..his voice a bit broken as he said \uc0{\u8217}Dunia . . . what happened to your face??\uc0{\u8217}. I didnt understand what he was spooked about, so i lifted my palm to my face and touched my right cheeck, thats when the pain kicked in. Thats when i realised, half the skin on my face had gotten scrapped off. i stared at the blood on my hand in utter horror and dispair, and once again, fell unconcious.}}\par
\sect
}