{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo08\dy04\hr20\min43\sec51}{\revtim \yr2022\mo08\dy04\hr20\min43\sec51}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 EAT EVERYTHING}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am inspired by the polity of goats, a polity that I imagine to be formed, much like the Polity of Literature, through the dispersed collective consuming and embodying of so much literature. However, I recently began to wonder,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What is Goat Literature?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I became a bit worried because I\uc0{\u8217}ve realized that I\uc0{\u8217}m not sure if goats can read or not. What is }{\cf0\f0\i goat}{\cf0\f0  }{\cf0\f0\i reading}{\cf0\f0 , if }{\cf0\f0\i goat language}{\cf0\f0  is not formed in the same words sounds and ciphers or symbols that human literature uses? I believe there are scientists, goat specialists or experts, that might know more about this. Or perhaps this is a new field of study.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anyway, as a non-expert goat-aficionado, I have come to understand goat reading as goat eating. Goats are voracious reader-eaters. They consume pages and pages of literature, alongside entire hilly fields of grass, pizza, pizza boxes, tree bark, and probably they could even read the hair off your head!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My story, then, is the story of recipes for goats, an imagined collection for the literary goats who, like the many human members of this polity of literature, seek to make and shape and participate in a wider community.}}\par
\sect
}