{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy05\hr07\min55\sec05}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy05\hr07\min55\sec05}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It all began in a small bookstore in Montpellier\uc0{\u8230} I didn\uc0{\u8217}t quite know what to buy or what I was looking for exactly. Then, while I was casually looking throught the books on the top shelf, the big title suddenly grabs my attention \uc0{\u8221}ACE\uc0{\u8221}. I had known I was asexual for quite some time, I was always true to my identity and didn\uc0{\u8217}t let peoples\uc0{\u8217} confusion with the term bring me to question it. However, certain comments and conversations I had with different types of individuals made me contemplate whether or not the word asexual was completely representing me anymore.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I read the whole title in my head \uc0{\u8221}}{\cf0\f0\b Ace: What Asexuality Reveals About Desire, Society, and the Meaning of Sex\uc0{\u8221}. }{\cf0\f0 This is it\uc0{\u8221}, I thought \uc0{\u8221}I am buying it\uc0{\u8221}. I never read a book about asexuality before as LGBTQIA+ books weren\uc0{\u8217}t easily accessible in my area. I thought it would be a great opportunity to broaden my horizons, understand my sexual orientation better and somehow reconnect with it. I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t wrong.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What Angela chen (the author of the book) did was, instead of just writing about her experience, she interviewd about 100 individuals that fall into the same sexual orientation. This is one of the characteristics that stand out as all of the experiences are different and unique. It goes to show that the term \uc0{\u8221}asexuality\uc0{\u8221} isn\uc0{\u8217}t some \uc0{\u8221}cult\uc0{\u8221} or whatever you want to call it that comes with a certain rule-book. The term was created to give people a sense of freedom just like every orientation and gender identity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There were a lot of things I loved about this book, but I believe what I loved the most was the approach. This book wasn\uc0{\u8217}t just about asexuals but rather about everyone. It went deeper, meaning that the author grabbed societies norms and deconstructed them. While very well including the differences between ace and allos, the main focus nevertheless were the similarities between us and everybody else. The pressure, the shaming and the judgement we all face is very similar, no matter what you identify as. That\uc0{\u8217}s because we all are apart of society, we all grew up thinking that we are born with some sort of \uc0{\u8221}default settings\uc0{\u8221}. Over the course of time we adopted certain ideas and incorporated them as \uc0{\u8221}normal\uc0{\u8221}. For the sake of being accepted by society, it is harder to have the courage to stand out from the crowd, whatever that involves.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Last but not least, avoiding further spoilers of the book, I think it is a fantastic and easy read. It makes you question a lot of things as well as it makes you realise a lot of things. For me, it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t just a distraction to pass the time but a real adventure that compels you to see the bigger picture of the reality we live in.}}\par
\sect
}