{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy07\hr14\min00\sec14}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy07\hr14\min00\sec14}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Love in war}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My dearest!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One can fall in love even during war.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One can live to the fullest before a bullet stops the heart.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now that the enemy\uc0{\u8217}s target is our hearts let me express what\uc0{\u8217}s inside:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You are the meaning of my life, you are a piece of my\uc0{\u160}heart.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Let me express this untold love to you that no one would expect. I want you till my last heartbeat, and this entrance checkpoint of our ruined city will be the witness of our love and resistance forever.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My beloved!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I\uc0{\u160}wish to live with you under the welkin sky, but to end this war, so that millions of lovers could live together, I am ready to die till our love is remembered in history. Let the world learn that love should be the end of each war.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red Love Balloons}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The streets were the grief paths}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everyone had the common pain}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The common concern beyond}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hunger, death, escape and threat in}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The closed, abandoned and frozen roads with}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The cloudy sky that never would rain}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And the life station}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stopped beyond the war, smoke and mortar.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the depth of the disaster}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A woman was selling:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Red love balloons.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}War}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She cried, he went so far}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He was anxious and felt the scar}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Bullets pierced the lover\uc0{\u8217}s bodies}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was the end, stop the war!}}\par
\sect
}