{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy02\hr17\min32\sec03}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy02\hr17\min32\sec03}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A son took his old father to an evening dinner. The restaurant was lavish and so unique. In most cases only rich people would go there, he ordered for their food,\uc0{\u160} the father being so old and weak, dropped food on his shirt and trousers. Other dinners watched him in disgust while his son was so calm.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Immediately they got done with eating, his son who was not at all embarrassed, quietly took him to the wash room, wiped the food particles, removed the stains, combed his hair and fitted his spectacles firmly. When they came out, the entire restaurant was watching them in dead silence, not able to grasp how someone can publicly embarrass themselves like that. But the son didn\uc0{\u8217}t care for he had alot of respect for his father since his father is the reason for what he is right now.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They came back and the son settled their bills and started walking out with his father.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At that time ,an old man among the diners called out to the son and asked him, \uc0{\u8221}Don\uc0{\u8217}t you think you have left something behind?\uc0{\u8221} The son replied, \uc0{\u8221}No sir.\uc0{\u8221} The old man retorted, \uc0{\u8221}Yes, you have! You left a lesson for every son and hope for every father here.}}\par
\sect
}