{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy18\hr13\min02\sec36}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy18\hr13\min02\sec36}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The woman was sitting facing the man and smiling at him. Anyone who saw them from a distance thought they were old lovers. But they only knew each other for a month. The man was looking for a way to escape from his home. He wanted not to be with his wife. They had problems together for a long time. He did not want to get a divorce because of the division of the property that he had worked hard to get all his life. So he had to find a better solution. That was when he met the woman. A woman who was the exact opposite of his wife. By getting to know the woman, he realizes the wrongness of\uc0{\u160} choosing his wife for life. But now he had no choice. When he told his story to the woman, the level of closeness between them increased. The woman understood him and knew what hell he was in. She herself had come out of a similar hell. A life she did not like. This closeness made the man\uc0{\u8217}s wife suspicious. But they were seeing each other every day, ignoring her. It had been a long time since these appointments had reached their bedroom. The man\uc0{\u8217}s wife knew this. She had smelled the perfume of another woman for a long time. The man was not overjoyed. He had obtained the companion he always wanted but did not have. She was a beautiful and well-spoken woman. When she smiled, the harmony of her white shell teeth with her red lips doubled her beauty. The man loved them. His wife was a sullen and dry woman. Her thin lips were always dark and brown color. She never smiles. Instead, she had a deep frown on his forehead. The man had to do something. He had a plan in his head for a long time. He needed someone\uc0{\u8217}s approval to tell him he was doing the right thing. Who better to confirm this than the woman? The man called the woman, they needed a quiet place to talk about his plan. So he invited her to his house. The man\uc0{\u8217}s wife had gone out to have fun with her friends and the man knew that his wife would not return until late at night. Everything was ready for a romantic night and sharing secrets. The man had tried his best to satisfy the woman, exactly all the things he had never done for his wife. But the woman was drowning in her thoughts. She was sitting on a double bed. Her burgundy satin shirt glowed seductively under the bedside lamp. The man left the bathroom while drying his hands with a small towel, the man was smiling and went to the woman. The woman reached out and picked up the waistcoat on the bed. While moving the Colt in her hand, she said to the man, \uc0{\u8221}Did you buy this gun to kill your wife?\uc0{\u8221} The man nodded while still smiling and said be careful, the gun is loaded. The woman said, do you want me to kill your wife? The man\uc0{\u8217}s smile turned into a giggle and he said, who would ask a woman for help in murder? While pointing the gun at the man, the woman said, \uc0{\u8221}Your wife\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}