{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy10\hr19\min36\sec57}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy10\hr19\min36\sec57}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Here\uc0{\u8217}s my story in a little detail, a few interesting stories from my life that might interest you; wanting to change your ideas and move forward without relying on anyone, stopping thinking about early marriage or polygamy, thinking about not looking like successful people when you have no source of income.  I\uc0{\u8217}ve seen the truth in those who say that life belongs to those who get up early, that everything we have can bring us forward, even a little nothing if we add courage and sometimes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Those who drive around in big cars weren\uc0{\u8217}t born rich, they invested first and then ate at work afterwards.  You\uc0{\u8217}re a very special person, and it\uc0{\u8217}s not for nothing that you come up against obstacles, so multiply your strengths and wake up on your lazy bed and get ahead.  Listen to my story, it might motivate you too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   My name is Richard Kaniama, I\uc0{\u8217}m the only boy in my mother\uc0{\u8217}s womb. Kinshasa is my city here in the Democratic Republic of Congo.My mother was a fighter, an example I\uc0{\u8217}ve never been able to copy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   My father was a polygamist, and my mother was the first woman in my father\uc0{\u8217}s house.My mother had me and my two little sisters, so I was my father\uc0{\u8217}s eldest son.My stepmother has five children, one boy and three girls.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   My father was a merchant, he traveled a lot and we didn\uc0{\u8217}t have money problems in our family.He went to Angola and Tanzania for business.My father also had cattle, cows and goats on a farm a long way from the city of Kinshasa.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   My father had cancer, which developed too quickly and really panicked our family.My father\uc0{\u8217}s brothers took him to the hospital, but the disease really resisted and my father left us after fighting it for a year and a half.During this period of illness, a lot of money was spent, almost all his capital.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   He left behind houses and livestock that our uncles looked at with a very curious eye.A few months after my father\uc0{\u8217}s death, my mother-in-law began to declare her children\uc0{\u8217}s share, and my mother approached her several times to tell her not to do anything at that time to dishonor the memory of their late husband.But because she was ambitious, she didn\uc0{\u8217}t accept my mother\uc0{\u8217}s advice.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   A new life began, one in which our mothers thought of our survival, whereas before it was my father\uc0{\u8217}s job to think of everyone and do everything for both women and to provide for us children.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   With my stepmother\uc0{\u8217}s statements, my father\uc0{\u8217}s brothers and uncles got together to discuss the situation that had arisen. Our mothers had nothing to say about inheritance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Our uncles decided to divide up the remainder of our father\uc0{\u8217}s estate.They made the divisions and our mothers each received her share with the number of children she had.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   My mother got a goat and three hundred American dollars, saying that each child had a hundred dollars as there were three of us and that should be enough.My mother-in-law, on the other hand, received a lot more than my mother, because she had more children than my mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   My mother saw my uncles privately after this family meeting and asked them to give her a little more money, so that she could provide for her children, but the uncles told her that she would have to start a new life with this money, which is far too much for a woman who wants to see her children grow up.They added that if she didn\uc0{\u8217}t want the money, she should give it back and remarry another man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   The house was seized, saying it had been sold when my father was ill, but nobody knew anything about it. When my mother wanted to ask for an explanation, my uncles didn\uc0{\u8217}t even want her there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   One day our mother told us to pack our bags and go to our grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s house. On the night of that day, we left everything behind, not knowing where our stepmother had gone with my father\uc0{\u8217}s children.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   We arrived at our grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s during the day with our three hundred American dollars and our goat as my father\uc0{\u8217}s inheritance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   I hated it there for several weeks, but there was nothing to do but get used to our new home.Our mother enrolled us in a school there and we started taking our classes there, me and my two little sisters.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   As for my mother, she went to the farm with my grandmother. Life really turned around until we could only find food in the afternoons and once a day, which we weren\uc0{\u8217}t used to.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Our goat was always there and the three hundred dollars hidden somewhere in my mother\uc0{\u8217}s room very jealously for our studies. My mother encouraged us to do just one thing: study. On the subject, she was very furious when we made a mistake. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   She often approached us in the evenings, telling us that she had nothing to offer us but our studies. Here\uc0{\u8217}s your inheritance over there left by your father, a goat is all you have for your future, she\uc0{\u8217}d say.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   My mother didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to sell this goat for her own cause, and me and my little sisters didn\uc0{\u8217}t see it as anything special other than a meat that we should celebrate for one day and tell ourselves we\uc0{\u8217}d eaten well for another. I left school and kept my goat a little farther from home to graze on the grass.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   We got used to this life, and it was normal now that we\uc0{\u8217}d finished almost a year at our grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s. We didn\uc0{\u8217}t pay for a house, and there was no question of electricity or running water.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Years went by and I passed my state exam. My mother was happy and told me I had to go to the city to go to university. I went off to university and left our goat with two kids, so there were three.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Three years later I came home with a degree in Business and Administrative Sciences. It was a celebration in the family, but what was sad was that my grandmother had already left this world following an illness that didn\uc0{\u8217}t last.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   I met a whole farm of cattle, the mother goat I\uc0{\u8217}d always left behind, and she\uc0{\u8217}d given birth to more kids, and the kids I\uc0{\u8217}d left behind had given birth to kids of their own. There were no less than fifteen goats and billy goats on the farm, a whole herd of cattle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   In this small town, I was one of the few university graduates there. I looked for a job for a whole year, but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t find any work, and my mother was really exhausted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   I decided to go back to town to look for a job that would guarantee our family, I knocked on several doors but found no work. I almost ran out of food, and with the little money I had left, I returned home empty-handed to stay close to my family, regretting having gone to university, which was no longer of interest to me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   A few days after my arrival home, my mother told me I had to come back to town; you\uc0{\u8217}re all our hope, my son, she said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Now that we had about twenty goats and billy goats, my mother decided to sell all the livestock we\uc0{\u8217}d had all that time, and it brought us two thousand dollars and more. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   My mother took one thousand five hundred dollars and entrusted it to me, telling me to do my trading practice on that amount of money, and I\uc0{\u8217}d be fine.She told me to come back to town and make do with the money. I came back to town with that money with the fear that if it hadn\uc0{\u8217}t worked out, I would have killed my family with my own hands.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   I landed in town, opened a small store in a rented house and spent the night there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   I had one pair of pants and two pairs of knitwear, and I ate two eggs and one loaf of bread a day to keep my business going. And it really worked, for a year I was already counting at least five or six thousand dollars with my business always in advance and sending money to my mother to manage the family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Another year later, I stopped selling to small retailers and started with the wholesaler with fifteen thousand dollars.The clientele accepted me and the income was enormous, so I ended up buying the house where my store was to cut expenses. I moved the family to town to keep them close to me. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   I managed to buy a house and open a store selling women\uc0{\u8217}s clothing, which my sisters managed with great care.They had what they needed, and as for me, I got married and started a new married life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   What shocked me most was that my uncles reappeared and wanted to ask our mother\uc0{\u8217}s forgiveness for having treated her like that in the past. My mother forgave them, but only on one condition: not to come near us again, not to visit us again, and to leave us in peace.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   My family lives in peace, my mother drives a big car, my sisters are married but still work together with our mother.My children go to a nice school and can\uc0{\u8217}t ask for anything without their requests being granted. I travel the world to China, the United Arab Emirates, South Africa and many other places for business and pleasure.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   I\uc0{\u8217}m now forty-two years old and have three children and a wife, and I\uc0{\u8217}ve avoided polygamy a lot because it nearly wiped out my family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   I have a fortune of eighteen million dollars in an escrow account in Kinshasa, which comes from my company Kaniama Corporation. Now that I\uc0{\u8217}m writing my story, I\uc0{\u8217}m in a five-star hotel in Chicago with my wife for a two-week rest.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   I\uc0{\u8217}m receiving reports from my current company, and I also have percentage shares in large companies in which I\uc0{\u8217}ve invested.I have even more projects to carry out, and my biggest project is to look for my father\uc0{\u8217}s children, the ones who left with my stepmother because we haven\uc0{\u8217}t heard from them since. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Now that life is promising, my father\uc0{\u8217}s children can\uc0{\u8217}t suffer unless they\uc0{\u8217}re better off than we are.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   My mother is a hero in our lives, she always dug deeper and I wanted to give up, but she held my hand.I employ a hundred people who thank me unceasingly, but I don\uc0{\u8217}t see myself as worthy of her thanks.All my thanks go to my mother for her fight, she alone deserves all the credit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Thank you for wanting to change ideas from my inspirations, I can\uc0{\u8217}t have a dollar given to the young people of the world for their evolutions, but if you manage to come across this story, please want to remedy and you\uc0{\u8217}ll have your own story to tell.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Richard Kaniama, I\uc0{\u8217}m writing to you.}}\par
\sect
}