{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy11\hr11\min50\sec42}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy11\hr11\min50\sec42}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Born and bred in Musina, Rhedani never knew that a world beyond his township existed. Growing up in Nancefield, just 2 kilometers from Musina town, his horizons were limited.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Raised by an unemployed single mother Rhedani could not further his education. At the age of 14 he dropped school due to financial challenges though he really wanted to pursue education.\uc0{\u160} His friends at Musina high were very concerned but could not help in any manner.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}During my school days at Musina High I rarely carried any food or money as my mother could not afford it. I used to take secret walks during lunch breaks to avoid drawing attention to my situation. Not many of my friends noticed it,\uc0{\u8221} he said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Seven years later, a friend from Pretoria offered a lifeline. The friend asked Rhedani to stay with him in Pretoria. He presented the idea to his mother, who surprisingly gave him the\uc0{\u160} blessings.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In 48 hours, Rhedani\uc0{\u160} packed a pair of gray trousers that he used as a school uniform and a Kaizer chief football team jersey\uc0{\u160} in a small school bag and bid farewell to the only home he had ever known.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His version was already in Pretoria but he really struggled to figure out how he will cope with life in such a big city. All the way he used to communicate with his friend who was going to welcome him at Bossman taxi rank, Pretoria. He remembered buying a 330ml bottle of water as he had no money to buy any food. Little did he know his life journey was beginning to change for the worst.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Few kilometres from Pretoria he noticed an arrow pointing in the direction of Pretoria city. \uc0{\u8220}The driver followed that lane till I could see a series of tall buildings. What a surprise! 3 or more lanes in the same direction. Streets were clean. \uc0{\u8220}Welcome to Pretoria\uc0{\u8221} was the voice of my friend as I dropped by the Bossman taxi rank,\uc0{\u8221} said Rhedani}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We immediately jumped into another minibus taxi heading to a small township between Marabastad and Soshanguve. I was informed the two townships are high density black townships. Life had completely changed, I noted large volumes of vehicles on the road and increased volume of people in the streets.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220}Alas! Am I still in South Africa or even in Africa? Am I part of this community staying in this part of the world?\uc0{\u8221} wandered Rhedani as he rubbed shoulders with different characters of his age in the township between the two townships.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Taking his memory lane back to Musina, South Africa\uc0{\u8217}s furthest\uc0{\u160} north town Rhedani could realise a lot of difference in the two cities.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Back in his hometown, Musina,infrastructure such as roads are not maintained. Thick dust always rattle through houses, refuse is not\uc0{\u160} collected.\uc0{\u160} Stray\uc0{\u160} dogs could be seen tearing black refuse bags thrown\uc0{\u160} by the roadside.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is not a surprise to find children playing on the garbage that has not been collected for weeks. At least to these kids this seems to be their park as the garbage corners are decorated by used dampies, Shoprite and Boxer\uc0{\u8217}s shop paper bags which also contain dirt.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Not a single day passes without smelling raw sewage flowing a stone throw from our house. Who is responsible for fixing this? Should residents hire private plumbers to unblock sewerage? I now understand why in 2021 residents closed the town for almost a week protesting about service delivery.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Besides hanging out with friends on the side of the road, there is very little if any form of meaningful entertainment in the streets in Musina.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From birth until I relocated to Pretoria I used to live in a makeshift house(mukuku) with my mother. Both of us were unemployed. I remember she could work up very early to be the first to open refuse bags in the leaf suburb of Musina. Yes, at times she brought in expired bread, beef tins and other various left over food. We used to feast on this.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 True, for the first two weeks my friend used to provide food and some money for lunch as I wandered for work. Every morning around 6 am I used to be at a firing point(place where prospective employers pick workers for day\uc0{\u8217}s work). The place is next to the robots in Soshanguve, one of the most populous black townships in Pretoria. At times I could be picked for a day\uc0{\u8217}s work. The order of things at this place is either you get hired before 7.00 am\uc0{\u160} or you get tea from well wishers who routinely serve tea and bread to job seekers around 7: 30 am everyday.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After tea we could sit in groups of two\uc0{\u160} or three discussing our fate. I remember one day a friend of mine brought a substance we enjoyed throughout the day before stumbling back home for the night. For the first few days I struggled to smoke the substances but gradually got used to them.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Is this the chance offered by Pretoria? This was the start of my substance abuse journey. Instead of looking for employment I concentrated much on this substance as it brought a sense of leisure in me.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}But my friend, are you in any way these days looking for any form of employment?\uc0{\u160} Asked Jacob, my friend who was a petrol attendant, at Engen garage. That was really an insult to me so we parted ways.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Where to next? Next to the firing point was a bridge where some homeless people stayed. I also joined them. It was not easy joining\uc0{\u160} this crew as they would like to understand one\uc0{\u8217}s motive of joining them and also they wanted to limit the numbers at that place as they were afraid they would be chased by municipal police for littering the place. I was the sixth person to join them. Gradually we found each other and stayed as a family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the morning everyone would wake up and rush scavenging in bins. The policy was that we should bring the food at our makeshift home. I endured this for almost 2 years.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From the day I started enjoying this substance I never communicated with my mother again. I remember in 2021 during the Covid 19 period a police van screeched in front of us. Four armed police officers jumped and quickly marched towards us demanding us to get at the back of the police van. We were all bundled in that single police van. Off we were driven to a police station but I now do not remember its name.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For a few hours we were all in police cells but released the same day. I still remember bumping into my another\uc0{\u160} longtime friend, Jacky who took his time to find out what had gone wrong with me. He accompanied me to Pretoria popular Bossman bus rank.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jack explained my situation to one of the minibus taxi drivers enroute to Musina. He paid for my journey back home. I remember I had R20 with me. All the way from Pretoria to Musina, about a 600 km journey, I had nothing to eat. I managed to buy a bottle of water.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Arriving in Musina around 4 pm the same day I never thought of getting home to see my mother. Instead I walked at some dark corners in Musina where I knew would get the same substance I used to enjoy in Pretoria.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After two days I visited my mother. She nearly broke seeing me in torn dirty clothes and smoking nearly every second. All I remember is she sobbed for almost an hour. She later disappeared from our home for almost 2 hours and later came back accompanied by another lady of almost her age . They all engaged me until I somehow got what they intended to do. But surely this was a hard time for both as they routinely pursued me to leave substance abuse. It took them almost two months to convince me until I was taken to a rehabilitation centre in Polokwane.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For the six months I was at the rehabilitation centre, Social workers used to engage us. Life gradually changed until I was discharged.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sitting on a flat stone by Musine base Camp Rhedani had this to say. \uc0{\u8220}Please youth of Musina shun away from substance abuse. You will be a burden to your immediate family and the community, ultimately\uc0{\u160} killing your future.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He is now living happily with his mother. Every morning he visits the nearest farm area to buy vegetables for resale in his street. At least they are now\uc0{\u160} getting food everyday.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}