{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo05\dy05\hr08\min08\sec18}{\revtim \yr2023\mo05\dy05\hr08\min08\sec18}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a restaurant in Gulu district called the lounge where a manager called Steven was fond of robbing immigrants who didn\uc0{\u8217}t know the language and cheating them. One day, a journalist called Derrick from Congo went into their restaurant all dressed up in their culture and was pretending not to understand any other language except French. Steven knowing that the gentleman didn\uc0{\u8217}t know English or their language decided to send one of the waitresses to serve this man leftover food from other customers because he thought the man didn\uc0{\u8217}t have a lot of money. Luckily the leftover food brought was not what Derrick had ordered from the menu. When Derrick tried to complain about this to the waitress by showing her signs that that\uc0{\u8217}s not the food on the menu. The manager interrupted and asked the gentleman to get out of their restaurant if he doesn\uc0{\u8217}t like their food. Derrick, having taken tea, already removed his wallet to clear the bill for the tea. And Steven saw that Derrick\uc0{\u8217}s wallet was full of so much money. As Derrick was trying to leave, Steven stopped him and all-over a sudden started acting so nice to him and took Derrick to one of the best tables they had. Derrick played along and just went and sat. They tried to please him by bringing all types of foods to his table. He told the waitress that they had to take every single money that this man had but the waitress told him to count her out. Steven knowingly poured a drink on Derrick\uc0{\u8217}s coat and asked him to give it to be cleaned up. As he was heading to the washroom to have it cleaned up, he asked the waitress to follow him. She followed h because she still wanted to keep her job. Steven removed every money that was in Derrick\uc0{\u8217}s coat and just picked little to give to the waitress to keep her mouth shut. But she refused to get the money because it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t right. Steven threatened her that if she didn\uc0{\u8217}t take the money she would lose her job. She took the money and Steven quickly took Derrick\uc0{\u8217}s coat with the intention of kicking him out of the restaurant. As he was closing the door behind him leaving the waitress inside, he noticed that the waitress was removing the money from where he had kept his shares, he removed his phone from his pocket and took a video of her removing the money and called the police because he suspected that the waitress would try to take back the money to Mr. Derrick and that wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t be good for him. The police arrived when Derrick was already leaving the restaurant and the waitress was trying to make him understand that the money in her hands was his. Steven came and told the police to arrest them both because they conspired to steal his money and he had proof. He removed his phone and showed the police the recording he had made of the waitress trying to remove his money from where he had kept it. As the police were handcuffing the waitress, Derrick spoke in English and asked the police officer to let her go because she\uc0{\u8217}s innocent and the guilty one was Steven. Steven was so shocked on finding out that Derrick could speak and understand English so well. He started panicking and told the police officer that Derrick was lying. Derrick told the police that his money was fake, he asked Steven to remove the money he had paid bills with to prove and also the one the waitress was bringing was fake and he was the one who came with them. He then narrated that he was a journalist from Congo and he had come to investigate the restaurant. He removed his work ID and showed it to the police. The police arrested Steven and Mr. Derrick made a lot of money by publishing this article. The waitress was offered a position in the company where Derrick worked because of her loyalty.}}\par
\sect
}