{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy02\hr18\min07\sec08}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy02\hr18\min07\sec08}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sister Ruth is a dedicated secondary school teacher living in Chitipa. She is facing one of the most challenging times of her life. Known for her compassion and willingness to help others, she had been living a seemingly happy life with her husband, whom she married last year. However, her good intentions and trusting nature led her into a heartbreaking situation she could never have imagined. It all started when my mother approached her with a request. A woman from Chitipa, in a desperate plea, asked Ruth\uc0{\u8217}s mother if Ruth could take in her daughter as a maid. The young girl had dropped out of school in form two and needed a place to stay and work. Ruth, being the kind hearted person she is, agreed to help the girl, seeing it as an opportunity to make a positive impact on her life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For a while, everything seemed normal in Ruth\uc0{\u8217}s household. But last week, Ruth\uc0{\u8217}s world came crashing down. She discovered that the young girl was pregnant, and when confronted, the girl brazenly claimed that Ruth\uc0{\u8217}s husband was the father. Ruth was devastated and felt a wave of anger, and heartbreak. Her tears were endless as she tried to process the situation. To make matters worse, the girl\uc0{\u8217}s attitude was not one of regret or shame. Instead, she was rude and dismissive.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When Ruth attempted to discipline the girl, her husband intervened, grabbing Ruth and preventing her from doing anything. The girl left the house that same day, but not before uttering the chilling words \uc0{\u8221}Ndimamuna wanga\uc0{\u8221} (He is my man) in response to Ruth\uc0{\u8217}s accusations. Feeling lost and desperate, Ruth turned to family mediators for help. In front of everyone, Ruth\uc0{\u8217}s husband apologized, claiming he wanted to work things out with Ruth. It seemed like there might be a chance for reconciliation, but this hope was short-lived. The next day, Ruth heard a rumour that the young maid had returned to her house. Confused and hurt, she rushed home only to find the girl sitting comfortably in her living room, watching TV and eating as if nothing had happened.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ruth demanded that the girl leave immediately, but the girl refused, claiming that Ruth\uc0{\u8217}s husband had invited her back. Shocked and in disbelief, Ruth called her husband, expecting him to clarify the situation. When he arrived, he delivered the ultimate betrayal: he declared that he no longer loved Ruth and was now in love with the 19-year-old girl. Ruth\uc0{\u8217}s world shattered in that moment. The husband she had trusted and loved was now siding with a girl who had entered their home under the guise of needing help. Ruth\uc0{\u8217}s attempts to reason with him were futile as he coldly stated that only he could ask the girl to leave.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a cruel twist, Ruth was dragged out of her own home by the very man she had vowed to spend her life with. Her heartache was compounded by a sense of helplessness, as no one seemed willing or able to intervene. Ruth is now left to pick up the pieces of her shattered life, crying endlessly as she struggles to comprehend the situation. Our\uc0{\u160}family and friends suspect foul play, believing the young girl may have used some form of manipulation to turn Ruth\uc0{\u8217}s husband against her. Regardless of the cause, Ruth is now faced with the daunting task of rebuilding her life, finding comfort in the support of those who care about her. I will be travelling soon to go and check on her since I am one of the close brothers she has.}}\par
\sect
}