{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy29\hr03\min39\sec18}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy29\hr03\min39\sec18}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Chapter four of The Red Book}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: So what now?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: we\uc0{\u8217}re keep on. Actually it depends on you. Let me tell you a story. Now you know we have four great words that known as books. The red one is up there. The black one who is here stand with us. The yellow one in our hearts. The green one is also somewhere around us. These are so old, nobody remembers the time that they were not here. Once upon a time there was a word named Leviathan, it\uc0{\u8217}s always said \uc0{\u8220}why we don\uc0{\u8217}t have a White book. I want to be a god. I want to be a book, the white one\uc0{\u8221}. It start to grow. It\uc0{\u8217}s grow big and bigger, at a moment it realized that it\uc0{\u8217}s became Leviathan. So big to move on. Leviathan cannot handle to be a book. Leviathan neither cannot handle to not be a book. So it crashed into itself and whole system it was made around itself. Last thing that Leviathan said was \uc0{\u8220}the world doesn\uc0{\u8217}t deserve a white book.\uc0{\u8221} some words thinks Leviathan was narcissist or racist, but I think it was just realized this fact that the origin of every word go back to black substance of a pen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: so what? Our land is just a place where all hopes and dreams come to nothing?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: have patience Minabamun, It is just a tale. This is how words have rest and Joy. It was a great story although it was real. Some of us remember that moment. When Leviathan crashed. It was horrible but also it was beautiful. White book could become a great ruler. But a ruler couldn\uc0{\u8217}t keep his hands clean. You see? This how words have rest, by telling and listening to each other stories.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I have to admit that I had some joyful moments but I have stress.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: why you don\uc0{\u8217}t tell us one?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I never did that.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: it\uc0{\u8217}s because you\uc0{\u8217}re a kid but you have to start someday.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: ammmm\uc0{\u8230} once upon a time\uc0{\u8230} oh I can\uc0{\u8217}t.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: go on it\uc0{\u8217}s a good opening. Give us a place and a time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: okay\uc0{\u8230} once upon a time in desert. Somebody\uc0{\u8230} a\uc0{\u8230} a shepherd and his sheep\uc0{\u8217}s were lost deep in desert. They were thirsty they know they\uc0{\u8217}re gonna die if they can\uc0{\u8217}t find water or the way back home. Sun was arriving to its highest place in sky and our Shepherd started seeing mirages. He starts running toward every mirage and disappointed every single time. He was very disappointed, he looked at sun and he cried. His tears evaporated. Shepherd shouted and he asked the great goddess of water Ardavisura Anahida for help. He called with all his might and then passed out. He saw a dream. There were night. A cool night. he saw\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: excellent. You go through the second story. Keep on. Sorry to interrupt you but I\uc0{\u8217}m so excited.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: so he saw a woman riding a camel through deserts. A fat big and strong woman. Who dressed in sexy clothes. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know could we call that ropes and cords and toes as dress\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: I think it name is bikini.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I don\uc0{\u8217}t know. But she was sat on camel palanquin and her forehead was bleeding. Shepherd ran toward her under the light of moon and Venus was as big as sun. Woman smiled. She catch up Shepherd one handed and pasted him to her teat. Her skin was so soft and she breastfeed Shepherd. That was the most tasty thing Shepherd drunk in his whole life. Shepherd moved his hand to touch her and look into her eyes, suddenly he waked up. It was night and he could see Venus the symbol of Ardavisura Anahida clearly so he followed Venus and found his way back home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: that was wonderful Mina.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: yeah, such a great start. I think its maybe need some more description and I surely give it to you. Rest enough. Are you still tired?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: no but I I\uc0{\u8217}m nervous.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: why?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I don\uc0{\u8217}t know. I feel a big white cloud come to me and it want to vanish me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: oh this is so bad. Mina is also cursed. Why we didn\uc0{\u8217}t noticed?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: we all cursed but I never could imagine that Red going to curse everybody, even kids. This situation is beyond chaos.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: is it good or bad?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: it\uc0{\u8217}s endless.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: what should we do?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: you\uc0{\u8217}re a book, if you don\uc0{\u8217}t know why we should know?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: sir I think we can fix this.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: we have to. But I\uc0{\u8217}m not good in chaos. Our curse is so huge that sometimes we forget we live in it. I summon the Curse.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: hello everybody. I\uc0{\u8217}m curse. Nobody loves me but I have enough power, I don\uc0{\u8217}t need love. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know who my father is or my mother but I have enough power, I don\uc0{\u8217}t need them. I don\uc0{\u8217}t need anybody. I\uc0{\u8217}m enough by myself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: hello Curse. I see you still haven\uc0{\u8217}t reach to a good definition of yourself. I have to say that this little word who trying to hide behind me, under my rope is Minabamun. It\uc0{\u8217}s a new word and it\uc0{\u8217}s searching for meaning. Just now we notice that Minabamun has a curse. You should be responsible for this.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: I beg your pardon but you know that\uc0{\u8217}s not on me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: I do know that\uc0{\u8217}s not on you but say me why? How a word can find its meaning, when it\uc0{\u8217}s cursed? These words are outnumbered and this situation can\uc0{\u8217}t long.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: Technically it\uc0{\u8217}s not cursed. There are some people playing Red book, they aren\uc0{\u8217}t respect roles and they\uc0{\u8217}re cursed into us, like you and me and Stu and every other word.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: I know. I just say these are kids.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: sorry sir but it\uc0{\u8217}s a circular.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: circular? Didn\uc0{\u8217}t you have free will?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: sir I\uc0{\u8217}m Curse. What should I do?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: how a Curse work?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Curses eyes sparkled and said}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: I can\uc0{\u8217}t describe it. It\uc0{\u8217}s amazing. Are you want to try one?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: I have to tell you Minabamun this is not good.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: even I think that\uc0{\u8217}s not a wise choice. Believe me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: there is no harm in trying.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: be my guest.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Stupidity patted its head. Curse breathes deeply and blow the air on Minabamun with a maledicted smile on its face. Minabamun gaze was locked far away and start saying by a monotone voice.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Nika shakarami, Kian Pirfalak, Sarina Esmaeelzadeh\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: what is this?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Sodeis Koshani, Zakaria Khial, Amin Maarufi\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: do you like it? There\uc0{\u8217}s a land named Iran, their own regime killed numerous kids.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Abolfazl Baoo, Abdullah Mohammadpur, Amirmahdi Malakmohammadi\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: These are their names, remaining\uc0{\u8217}s have to remember them and have to regret of their lives.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Mohsen Mohmmadpur, Mohammadreza Sarvi, seyed Mahdi Mousavi\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: oh you\uc0{\u8217}re a horrible word. It is just a kid.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Amir Norouzi, Nikita Esfandani, Karoon Hajizadeh\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: That\uc0{\u8217}s why I showing these Curse to Mina, kids for kids\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Pedram Azarnoosh, Setareh Tajik, Parsa Rezadoost\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: are you want to try some adults one?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Kumar Daroftadeh, Hasti Narooii, Ehsan Alibazi\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: please stop it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Borzin Hamzehzadeh, Siavash Mahmoudi, Puya Ahmadpur\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: it\uc0{\u8217}s impossible. oh I have another regret curse, that\uc0{\u8217}s for soldiers and their loved ones\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Amirmahdi Farrokhipur, Ali Baraahooii, Danial Shahbakhsh\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: I\uc0{\u8217}m so upset that nobody cares about the killed soldiers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Javaad Pusheh, Mohmmad Rakshani, Omid Sarani\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: I order you to stop this.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Samer Hashemzehi, Yaser Shahoozehi, Yaser Bahadorzehi\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t. It\uc0{\u8217}s just said 33 of them. There\uc0{\u8217}s a lot remaining. I just can turn it to silent mode.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Ianaz Javaaheri, Asra Panaahi\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: oh my word. Do it now. You are manipulating me? How dare you? I have to say that Curse letters turned around itself, then get up a little high and land quickly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: as you wish my lord.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Minabamun I want to describe your next action this way, you start talking and ask your next question. If you want to say something do it. If you want to cry do it. It doesn\uc0{\u8217}t matter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know you still have this power.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: wow\uc0{\u8230}It was so hard. I want to ask you how this Red book Curse is work? The curse that prisoned all of us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: I smiled and looked at Curse eyes. Even Curse get surprised of this unyielding kid.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: I already said I haven\uc0{\u8217}t permission to say how it works.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: why?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: because when you know how it works, you can turn it off. But it\uc0{\u8217}s easy. There\uc0{\u8217}s a game with simple roles and everybody broke the role prisoned in the Curse of game.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: so roles matter most.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: yeah definitely.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: name a word that\uc0{\u8217}s have no change in its meaning by the time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: why?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I want to show you something, name a word.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: prostitute.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I exactly knew that is going to be your choice. I summon the Prostitute and also I summon the Bitch, Slut and Faggot and Whore. Would you want more?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: you want to teach me swear words? I\uc0{\u8217}m Curse, somehow I\uc0{\u8217}m one of them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: what are you doing Mina?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Prostitute: hello chicks, I\uc0{\u8217}m so sorry my brothers and sisters couldn\uc0{\u8217}t come. I\uc0{\u8217}m Prostitute the old monk of Ardavisura Anahida temple. I represent the absent Words you summoned. How you doing Mina?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I\uc0{\u8217}m good. Come on give me a hug buddy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: I see you have made strange friends Minabamun. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what you want to say.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: now you see guys, you know this kind of word as bad words\uc0{\u8230} as swear words. But in my first meet with Dakhu, I realized that these are not always being this way. Prostitute do you want to speak yourself?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Prostitutes: surely I do. But your friends were there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I know, but we all have curse. You must tell them to remember.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Prostitutes: okay our kind was monks and servants of Ardavisura Anahida temple. We were dedicated our bodies to Ardavisura Anahida and we were help others by our body. By the time our temple lost its fames and fortunes. People forget about how we served them. Then start to use the ridiculous concept of ownership on their bodies. They forget how many people we rescued from sadness, sad soldiers, sad kids, sad women\uc0{\u8217}s, sad Farmers and sad everything. They used us as swear word so easily.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: thank you Minabamun. Now I remember that time. I really don\uc0{\u8217}t want to say that but I have to describe Curse this way, Curse cried a lot. After a while said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: I remember the time that I used to cure people\uc0{\u8217}s illness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Prostitute: that golden days never came back.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: we don\uc0{\u8217}t want them back here. guys we must know our origins, we shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t cling to past.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Prostitute: thank you Minabamun.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curse: thank you kid. I hope I could repay your kindness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: they told this words and they bow to Minabamun and vanished.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: hey kiddo, where did you learned that?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: oh, Dakhu told all this to me when w}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 e first met. she said that we must change our point of view and we must say it out loud.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: are you happy now?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: yeah I\uc0{\u8217}m so delighted but I still meaningless.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}