{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy08\hr10\min51\sec37}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy08\hr10\min51\sec37}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She stands, puts her hand on the edge of the oily open stone in the kitchen, and puts her other hand on her stomach, these days she feels like her child is going to fall, so she always holds her hand, so that if she falls, the child doesn\uc0{\u8217}t fall if did, she catch her, she stands and says a sigh.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 she has to prepare dinner, Amin invited his friends tonight, and he ordered several types of food. Sometimes she thinks that she is just a chef, a maid, a nurse for Amin, she thinks that Amin had never told her \uc0{\u8221}I love you\uc0{\u8221} even once in his life, in his life after his marriage.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For this reason, she gathered all his strength, and said to Amin: \uc0{\u8221}Amin, do you remember that you didn\uc0{\u8217}t tell me I love you even once? I liked how much you used to say before marriage. Those times when You were waiting for me at our school.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But Amin did not lift his head from his phone to hear what Fatima was saying.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Fatemeh had put her hand on Amin\uc0{\u8217}s shoulder to make him realize that yes, she also exists in this house, and Amin pulled her hand back and}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He said: \uc0{\u8221}Can\uc0{\u8217}t you see I\uc0{\u8217}m watching football?\uc0{\u8221} And then, he turned around again and at the same time, he saw Farzad playing with potato skins in the kitchen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He yelled, \uc0{\u8221}Instead of going and picking up the garbage in your kitchen, and taking care of your son, are you going to shake me and spoil my game?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Fatimah suddenly became sad like a million sad people, she held her hand under her stomach and wanted to put her other hand on Amin\uc0{\u8217}s shoulder to straighten her up, but she was afraid. Not because Amin yelled at her, which she was used to. But because her tears were falling. Whenever he cried, Amin would get angry, he would say: \uc0{\u8221}Are you the little one who is crying? Like crazy people.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What did I tell you that you are pretending sad? In general, you women have a habit, your tears are the tail of your musk. You don\uc0{\u8217}t hear anything, you cry.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That\uc0{\u8217}s why she took his hand and wiped his tears that hadn\uc0{\u8217}t reached Amin\uc0{\u8217}s shoulder yet.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He had gone, he had hugged Farzad calmly and one by one, Farzad had pulled himself out of her arms and wanted his red car. The red car that Amin had put on the dresser the other day with his tall height. How can Fateme take the car with her short height?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For this, she had to put something under her feet, one hand would hold the corner of the cupboard tightly so that she wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t fall, and one hand would hold her under her stomach so that the baby wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t fall. But with which hand did he pick up the car? She said to herself: \uc0{\u8221}I wish I had three hands\uc0{\u8221} but she had two. She was a human being.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He thought to himself what to do? She looked at Amin, but she didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to reach out to Amin, who had just shed tears and was screaming.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Therefore, as she was holding one hand under his stomach, he took his other hand from the cupboard, but before that, he turned his face towards Farzad and said: \uc0{\u8221}Well, my dear boy, go play with your other toys or go at all.\uc0{\u8221} Sleep. I will come and sing you a lullaby. May it be, mother?\uc0{\u8221} And she said with frustration: \uc0{\u8221}You see that I can\uc0{\u8217}t reach!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But does Farzad understand? he started kicking with soft cries, soft kicks on the carpet. Fatemeh knew\uc0{\u1783} that if she didn\uc0{\u8217}t give his red car, now was the time for her to scream and bang herself against the door and wall, and Amin would come out of her phone in the middle of the football game and start arguing again or even hit her on stomach Something he never wanted to happen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her heart wanted to be a good mother and protect her child both inside the womb and Farzad.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That\uc0{\u8217}s why he didn\uc0{\u8217}t take his hand from her stomach, but that one took his hand from the edge of the closet to quickly take the car, when suddenly, with a loud sigh, he fell on her back!}}\par
\sect
}