{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo08\dy05\hr15\min17\sec31}{\revtim \yr2022\mo08\dy05\hr15\min17\sec31}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Safety}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My brother holds a rifle and I hold a pistol, both of us pointing them at the ground. We stand next to our unfinished house that we have been taught to be proud of, because even if it isn\uc0{\u8217}t finished, it was built by our parents\uc0{\u8217} own hands. Our father sits in a chair, using increasingly inarticulate hands to work open a cardboard box of tightly-packed bullets, no space wasted.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Pressed into the dirt of a steep slope thirty yards in front of us are two soup cans that my brother and I pulled from the recycling box in the garage and one amputated flap of a cardboard box. The labels from the cans have been peeled off and their insides hand washed clean enough to drink from, something our mom always does. The cardboard is marked with concentric, floppy Os. When we were younger we used carved pumpkins that never turned out anyway, their lumpy mouths and eyes caving in or chewed away after only one night outside in the mountain air. But this is the summer before I go to college, and we haven\uc0{\u8217}t carved pumpkins in years.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Here,\uc0{\u8221} our dad says. My brother and I each hold out a hand and get six bullets. The handgun takes the same bullets as the rifle, but its danger is in its size, a tiny-ness that demands more attention. This is the first time Dad has let us shoot the handgun, and we are not sure what makes today the day.\uc0{\u160} All of our lives the handgun has been in one of the boxes up high in our parents\uc0{\u8217} closet with the other guns, a place too high to reach when we were little even when we tried. Once when our mom was at work and our dad was in the garage, we stood on a chair and became level with Dad\uc0{\u8217}s flannels on the left side of the closet rod and Mom\uc0{\u8217}s slips and worn tops on the right. But we were too small to reach the shelf that held the boxes we weren\uc0{\u8217}t allowed to open, and so wanted to.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You know what to do?\uc0{\u8221} Dad says to my brother. My brother nods and turns the rifle over, its butt end on the ground. He pulls out the inner tube of the magazine. \uc0{\u8220}Here,\uc0{\u8221} my dad says to me, asking for the pistol. I hand it over and watch my brother fit the flat end of the first bullet into the loading slot, hear the tiny screech of metal on metal as it falls into the gun.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Always keep it down,\uc0{\u8221} Dad says, handing the pistol back to me with the cylinder open and one chamber loaded. Or maybe it is a revolver. I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to ask again. I drop a bullet into the next empty chamber, and it settles with one soft click. My brother puts another bullet into the loading slot of the rifle, and there is another screech of metal falling through metal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My brother and I move carefully. We need to do everything correctly so that our dad will not say what he always says. We need to make up for the time I tried to load the rifle with the bullet upside down, or all the times one of us shot an entire round without hitting a target. We need to not do the kinds of things that make our dad say to me, \uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s why they shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t let women in the military,\uc0{\u8221} and infer something else to my brother, something that has not been said out loud yet about who else should not be let into the military.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My brother shoots first, gusts of dirt flapping up beneath and around the cans.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Get anything?\uc0{\u8221} our dad says.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I think so,\uc0{\u8221} my brother says. Our dad squints at the targets.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I hear the phone ring inside the house. I picture our mom taking her hands out of the soapy water or putting down the iron or vacuum or broom or rag or duster or mixing bowl, to answer. She hates guns and has always refused to shoot with us. I feel a pull to be inside with her, to be on the outside of the slow, heavy seriousness of shooting guns that are kept hidden high up in a closet. I am beginning to wonder what it is like for our mom to every day decide what to wear from under the weight of what she refuses to get close to.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Know what to do?\uc0{\u8221} our dad looks at me and nods at the dirt wall.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I step in front of my brother and father and hold the gun up with one hand, far away from me and I feel like a cowboy. I hold it with both hands, and I feel like a cop. I aim at the center of the cardboard and pull the trigger: tic.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I look at my dad.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Safety\uc0{\u8217}s on,\uc0{\u8221} he says. \uc0{\u8220}Alison,\uc0{\u8221} he says, and then he says what he always says. }}\par
\sect
}