{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy13\hr05\min16\sec49}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy13\hr05\min16\sec49}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was on 4th March, 2024 when I was having a really bad day. I had just started staying alone somewhere in area 50, Lilongwe. That day, I had no money with me and it was a day I needed to pay my rent or my landlord was going to kick me out. I called a friend Jacqueline the day before to ask for help. She assured me she will lend me the money so that I can pay the rent. I was also counting on someone who owes me money but she was taking time to give me my money. The person who owed me promised to send the money around 3pm on 5th of the same month.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Around 4pm on 4th, Jacqueline told me that the money should come in the other day so on 5th, it can\uc0{\u8217}t happen. My stress started to increase. I started to pressurize the other guy who had that debt for me. Around to 1pm on 5th he said he was going to the bank to deposit my money and then his phone went off. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have a means to check balance on my phone or a card. So I rushed to the branch that was near our area. I found a teller who was so slow that I even screamed at him. Guess what? He laughed and said but aise, is everything okay with you?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Instead of getting angrier, I laughed and said to him to just tell me my balance. Then he said aise I understand why you are an angry. He told me to come near and told me that I had 10,000mk only. This meant that there was no money that was deposited. I found myself laughing and said to him, I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what I will do.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This bank teller asked me, why? I found myself narrating my story to him. His next question was how much is your rent? I said 50,000mk. Right away he transferred 60,000mk to my Airtel Money. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe it and I was in shock. The next day I was back at the bank and he insisted to get my number. I just took a piece of paper and wrote my number on it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next day, while I was still thinking about how kind the bank teller was to me, my phone rang. It was Jacqueline. She said sorry for being late and told me she had sent the rent money to my account. I felt so thankful. I thanked her a lot and said everything was okay now, all because of the nice bank teller. Thinking back on those days, I realized that even when things are tough, there are always people ready to help.}}\par
\sect
}