{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy17\hr12\min44\sec29}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy17\hr12\min44\sec29}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You are the most beautiful wife I ever seen in my life\uc0{\u8221} said Chadrac, when he first met Chakupewa for the very first time at the restaurant. Since he is not too talkative, Chadrac gathered his courage to introduce himself to her. Chadrac couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help falling in love with Chakupewa that he didn\uc0{\u8217}t hesitate to invite her for lunch the next day. Then Chadrac told her that \uc0{\u8220}Chakupewa, do you mind if I offer you a lunch tomorrow?\uc0{\u8221} Smiling, Chakupewa looked at him and refused the offer of Chadrac respectfully by saying this, \uc0{\u8220}Chadrac, I am really delighted for your offer tomorrow. However, I\uc0{\u8217}m sorry because tomorrow I\uc0{\u8217}m having a leave at work and this will not allow me to reach the restaurant tomorrow. Thanks anyway.\uc0{\u8221} Then Chadrac couldn\uc0{\u8217}t refuse what Chakupewa told him. Then they separated that way.Chadrac went back to his work for the rest of the day but his mind was still full of the beautiful lady he had met that day. He didn\uc0{\u8217}t lose hope and kept on believing that sooner or later they are going to meet again. When he went back home, he took his smartphone and would like to talk to Chakupewa. When looking for her number in his contact list, he then realized that he forgot to ask for the Chakupewa phone number. He tried to search for the name on Facebook but in vain. Then he decided to sleep though his desire of calling the cute lady wasn\uc0{\u8217}t fulfilled.The next day he went to work and work normally. When the lunch time reached, he decided to go for lunch in the same restaurant where he met Chakupewa the previous day. He ordered his food and started eating. When eating he was praying from inside his heart like this \uc0{\u8220}God, I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how should I thank you if you send Chakupewa again in this restaurant today for her lunch. Please God, send her!\uc0{\u8221} His prayer seemed to have no answer from God. When he was done eating, he then paid and went back to his job. On his way out he saw someone wearing a heart and hiding her face sitting in the corner having a fresh beer. He tried to go and reach to her and when he reached there, he simply greets the person, when the person raised the head, he realized that the person in question was Chakupewa. He was very happy to discover that she was actually there in the restaurant no matter what she said the previous day. Chakupewa was speechless since she remembered having declared not to be there in the restaurant that day. She started apologizing and say to Chadrac this way \uc0{\u8220}Chadrac, I am sorry for what I said yesterday, I would like just to avoid accepting your offer the reason why I said that I will not be here today. Do you forgive me Chadrac?\uc0{\u8221} asked Chakupewa. Chadrac replied, \uc0{\u8220}I totally forgive you and I want to suggest the same for tomorrow. Are you ready to give me the privilege of offering you a lunch tomorrow?\uc0{\u8221} Then the answer was an obvious \uc0{\u8220}yes\uc0{\u8221}. Despite that positive answer, Chadrac was very cautious and asked Chakupewa this way \uc0{\u8220}Is it possible to give me your number so that we may stay in touch before we meet tomorrow?\uc0{\u8221} Chakupewa had no option but decided to give him her phone number. Then they hugged and said goodbye to one another and promised to meet tomorrow at lunch time.When tomorrow came, Chakupewa had already understood that Chadrac is interested in her. She also realizes that she also loves him but got ready to listen first to what he will tell him. When the lunch time reached, they met at the restaurant for lunch and Chadrac poured his heart and express the deep love he has for her. The words were strong enough that Chakupewa couldn\uc0{\u8217}t resist saying yes to the love suggestion made by Chadrac. Since then, they became lovers. They could be sharing the majority of their lunches there at the same restaurant and their love kept on growing that they decided to get married just six months later.They became wife and husband. They lived the first year of their marriage very nicely that a lot of people in their surroundings, especially singles, could learn from them and get inspired about love. Chakupewa loved him too much so did Chadrac. But Chadrac was not faithful to his wife because he was seduced by another lady and they have started chilling with her secretly. One day when Chadrac came a little bit late home and very tired, Chakupewa touched his phone checking for some WhatsApp chats his husband had during the day, she then found a picture of a lady that she suspected to be a love affair. She sent that picture to her phone without asking anything to Chadrac.The next day, Chakupewa tried to figure out a way to stop her husband from being unfaithful to her. She got an idea of putting the picture of that lady on her phone\uc0{\u8217}s background meaning that when her husband will come, he should see it from her phone background and she will start advising her from there. In the evening when her husband came back, he came and rest in the bed room with his wife. Suddenly the telephone of his wife rung and his husband picked it up. After responding to the call, he saw the picture on his wife\uc0{\u8217}s phone background. He was very confused, because he knew that his wife cannot be aware of that relation.Chadrac then asked his wife, Chakupewa, who is this lady on your phone\uc0{\u8217}s background? Chakupewa replied saying that \uc0{\u8220}this is one of my friends who passed away five years ago. Today, I and the other friends of her are remembering about her and we decided to honor her by putting this photograph on our phone\uc0{\u8217}s backgrounds.\uc0{\u8221} On those words, Chadrac was very chocked and realized that he might be in love with a ghost. From that lie, Chadrac fall on his knees and asked for forgiveness for not being faithful to her. From that day, Chadrac ceased cheating and became a faithful husband. That\uc0{\u8217}s how a lie saved Chadrac love.}}\par
\sect
}