{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy22\hr14\min39\sec50}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy22\hr14\min39\sec50}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 SCARING TO PLEASESCARRING TO PLEASE Oh; my\uc0{\u8230}! What can I do to you? I\uc0{\u8217}m still madly deeply in love with you, but my heart is scarred with anger and reproach. Did you say I don\uc0{\u8217}t understand you? No, I understand you very well, but thoroughly enough. That\uc0{\u8217}s why I still grieve when everyone looks at me with pity. It hurts my pride with a deep wound impossible t heal, the one I have decided to bear in my whole life. News that you have fallen gravely ill makes me very depressed. I feel your sufferings and if I were there by your side, I would take care of you the way a girl takes care of her lover the way people want me to do. But the truth is not like that because everyone wants me to please them forgetting that I only have one responsibility of taking care of myself and be that greatest woman I\uc0{\u8217}ve been always dreaming of. None want to give me a chance to express myself and narrate my story to show them how I feel. Oh! my world! You are not mine but I still want my love to lessen your pain. What can I do now? Something tells me that I am not going to see you again, that this past farewell will be our very last. You looked at me as I walked away without glancing back, even though I could feel your eyes following me. Then Life showed me two realities of both sides. Life shows me how real life really driven in this world of today. One side is the reality of love and the other side is selfishness. Both played a very big role in reality and gives different values in different ways whereby love life gives full of loves and serenity, sincere and generous people can still find love easily. Selfishness shows the other side of life whereby no matter how sincere and honest you are, you will suffer to know that there are selfish people out there who could not hesitate to use tricks and clever plans to cheat and to rob you of every shred of crudity, every minor privilege, sometimes for infinity small things like a bite of food or some trivial of object. You want to live your carefree, in total righteousness and love yet they still find so many reasons to talk about you and every single thing you do. No, people will think that you are stupid and easy; that you let others climb onto your shoulders and straddle your neck and push your head down. Therefore, you must fight, but to fight you must have experience and a solid foundation of doing things and overcome the worst. The struggle is not between individual or between groups, but between two schools of thoughts, the progressive and the obsolete. The conservatives are those who are still hold on the remains of bourgeois thought. The progressives are those who are fighting for common end over that is a normal rationale. The truth of the matter is that, when you face reality the more complexity you discover. Better understanding is to discover the nature and explore the world. Learning the most and leave the rest because that\uc0{\u8217}s how human nature wants things to be done the way there are please and not the way you want things to be as an individual. Written by Nelly Furaha Kininga}\par
\sect
}