{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr03\min27\sec32}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr03\min27\sec32}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I failed the secondary school level and thought like my life was doomed. Feeling like this was super suicidal to me but I thank my thoughts that I still made it alive. Passing the Malawi National Examination is like a dream come true for youths who have passed through high school education in Malawi. Once someone has failed, they are told to go home and do not have a chance to rewrite. Having this kind of feeling was like the world was ending to me since there was no other way of making it in life rather than passing the exam and go to the University.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I tried to look for other means to attend school but it was really hard for me. I had an internship at fountain of hope and asked my boss to pay me for school feels but he refused. In case, he wanted to sleep with me and pay me school feel in return. This incident made me feel like to hate every man on earth but I had a dream to chase. I had to find other means to make it in school. This is the day I became so influenced in my thoughts to become better in my thoughts.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A guardian angel showed up in my life the day I received the new about someone who offered to pay me the school fees that I was supposed to pay in my school. I thought like I was dreaming the time I heard this because I did not expect this kind of from anyone. I went in the evening to see the person who was giving me that opportunity to hear it myself. The next morning after talking to the person was my dream come true on my way going to school. I promised myself to work so hard to avoid disappointing the person paying the school for me.}}\par
\sect
}