{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy09\hr17\min27\sec59}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy09\hr17\min27\sec59}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My boyfriend and I had been in a relationship for about four years, back then, the relationship was beautiful and great. We were the perfect couple known by everyone in town. We met when I was just sixteen years old and he was twenty years old in 2018. We were inseparable. The first two years of our lives was beautiful, things started taking a turn in 2020, he started misbehaving with other women. Sometimes be would tell his friends that he doesn\uc0{\u8217}t love me at all and that am just forcing myself on him, whenever I would here this I would get hurt, I would confront him and he would deny everything. One day, his elder brother called me to let me know that there was fire at their home, I rushed to go and see if my boyfriend and the family were okay because I thought the fire he meant was the one of the house burning. On reaching there, that was not the case, instead I got my boyfriend with another woman on bed making out. I left without saying a word and my boyfriend followed me up to explain himself but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t give him a chance because that was not the first time and we had been quarrelling about that same girl for months. I rushed back home crying. I reached home and just went straight to my bedroom and locked myself. He called me several times and I refused to pick up his calls. When I was in my room, a thought came to my mind. But why am I wasting time with this guy yet there are many men out there after me. There was this one guy called Daniel, he had been after me for a while now but I friend zoned him because I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to cheat on my boyfriend. Immediately I called him up and asked him if I could see him that day, without hesitation he agreed, it was as though he was just waiting for my call, he was so excited. Meanwhile I just needed someone who would make me forget about my boyfriend.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That he evening he invited me for diner in some fancy restaurant, when I got there the place was decorated with flowers and on the table were two glasses and a bottle of red sweet wine. Just the one I like. Him being a gentleman, he asked me to join him. He pulled the chair out and I sat, then he also went and sat down. Am all yours now, what did you want to talk about beautiful. He gently asked me with a beautiful smile on his face. I smiled back giving him the green light. I want to give us a chance. I replied calmly. You have made the most happiest man on earth, you don\uc0{\u8217}t how long k have been waiting for this day. He replied happily. Well let\uc0{\u8217}s have dinner before it gets cold,I replied. We had diner and he dropped me off at home. The next day, he asked me if I could travel with him to Kampala for a vacation at the beach since I was December. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to say no to him so I just agreed. Before we could travel to Kampala, we had ourselves tested for HIV/AIDs. The results came out and the doctor was like one of us is sick, I was so scared, for a moment I thought I was the one who had got infected, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t stop shivering till the doctor told me to calm down. On the other hand, Daniel was so calm. If the doctor hadn\uc0{\u8217}t revealed the truth at that time that Daniel was the sick one and not me I would have collapsed. I was so shocked, I think he agreed to take the test because he didn\uc0{\u8217}t know that he had the disease because if not he wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t have agreed to take the test with me. Thankfully I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t yet officially broken up with bless, I just got up quietly from the hospital and went back straight back\uc0{\u160} home. I accepted to here my boyfriend out and he apologized to me, we got back together and we are now happily living together till now, very happy in our relationship too}}\par
\sect
}