{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy20\hr02\min39\sec58}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy20\hr02\min39\sec58}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In Matatizo village, four kilometres away from the city, the fresh air of green waving trees. Mr. Ndikuriyo and his wife, Spesioza found themselves seated in the yard, attracted by the enchanting beauty of nature surrounding their large, white painted house. They eagerly awaited for the lunch to get ready while the time drew near for their two children, Nduwayo and Chantal to return from their daily activities.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Soon, Nduwayo arrived , his long legs covered in a layer of dust from his journey back home. His shaved head reflected the afternoon sunlight that slightly heat the ground. On the other hand, Chantal carried a heavy hoe upon her shoulder from farming, causing her to walk with a slight lean. She looked exhausted and took a rest, attentively listening to the beautiful melody from the flowing\uc0{\u160} waters of the river Ruzizi. From a distance, the small ears of hippos in the river could be seen. However, as Chantal\uc0{\u8217}s gaze fell upon the numerous ears of hippos, a sense of unease washed over her. Her body trembled, and without hesitation, she swiftly departed from the location, resuming her journey home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lunch was finally ready for the family to enjoy. Inside the sitting room, the walls, painted with a fresh coat of white paint, the sunlight filtered through the small wooden window, casting a warm across the entire space. Mr. Ndikuriyo settled comfortably isolated in his arm chair, finding peace in his own little territory. Before him, a small wooden table was decorated with several beautifully plates, waiting to be savored.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The aroma of roasted pork meat lingering in the air, creating a mouthwatering atmosphere. Unable to resist any longer, Mr. Ndikuriyo eagerly dug into the Ugali, a delicious cassava bread, accompanied by a flavorful tomato sauce that had been prepared to complement the testy meat.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Settled on a mat, and Surrounded by a wide plate of Ugali, accompanied by boiled tomato sauce and several portions of pork meat, Spesioza and the children prepared to satiate their hunger. Before eating the meal, they diligently washed their hands, ready to embark on their joyful journey.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Inside the room, silence enveloped both, Ndikuriyo, his wife and the children, following their tradition that dictated that children and their mother refrain from engaging in conversation while at the table. However, the same did not apply to men, who were free to engage in lively discussions. Unfortunately, Mr. Kono found himself without the company of another man to initiate a conversation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As their daughter, Chantal began collecting the plates from her father\uc0{\u8217}s table, ensuring the room remained tidy, an opportunity for conversation arose. Mr. Ndikuriyo seized the moment and decided to open up a dialogue.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Son, I noticed your performance at school, and I must say, I am not entirely satisfied with it.\uc0{\u8221} Said Ndikuriyo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Oh, really? I\uc0{\u8217}m sorry, Dad. I\uc0{\u8217}ll work harder to improve.\uc0{\u8221} Said Nduwayo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} That\uc0{\u8217}s good to hear, \uc0{\u8221} Said Ndikuriyo, \uc0{\u8221}Also, remember that you are studying not just for yourself but also for your wife and children. That\uc0{\u8217}s why we have chosen to send you to school.\uc0{\u8221} Spesioza and her daughter listened attentively, absorbing every word. \uc0{\u8221}And as for your sister, there will be someone who will come into her life, and when the time comes, she will embark on her own journey of building a family with someone else.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I understand, Dad!\uc0{\u8221} Nduwayo replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As per usual routine, on the next chilly morning, Nduwayo set off for the local primary school, clutching his copybooks tightly in his hands. Meanwhile, his sister, Chantal, made her way to the Catholic church for the morning prayer. However, she also attended secretly alphabetization and literacy course offered at the church as her father denied her education access.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the quiet corners of the church, illuminated by flickering candles , Chantal joined a group of eager adults, both male and female, all craving for knowledge.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They huddled together, their curiosity piqued, as they surrounded an elderly priest who holded a tattered book in his hands. With unwavering focus, Chantal followed his lead, carefully listening to his pronunciation of the alphabet and repeated after the priest.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Each individual table was decorated with small blackboards resembling modern-day tablets, accompanied by pencils, ready to be used for exercises and practice. As the lesson progressed, the priest wrote several alphabets, such as \uc0{\u8221}a,\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}b,\uc0{\u8221} and \uc0{\u8221}c,\uc0{\u8221} onto the main whiteboard, allowing the participants to test their understanding through exercises.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Time marched on, and the clock struck 7:00 o\uc0{\u8217}clock, signaling the end of the session. With a sense of accomplishment and newfound knowledge, they bid farewell, ready to carry the lessons they had learned into their daily lives.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In her way along a short path, Chantal swiftly reached for her hoe before setting off towards the farm. As the sun beat down relentlessly on this hot, sunny day as she toiled in the family garden, her hands digging into the earth to plant cassava tubes, She paused, leaning against a tree, wiping sweat off her forehead,\uc0{\u8221} Phew, it\uc0{\u8217}s been a long day. I feel like I have been working non-stop!\uc0{\u8221} She took a break, and went to the near public water tap. She quenched her thirsty from the tap. \uc0{\u8221}Ah, refreshing water. It\uc0{\u8217}s like a cool oasis in this scorching sun.\uc0{\u8221} She said, while picking up her sturdy hoe and gets back to work, tending to the garden with more energy. She resumed digging and planting, just like her ancestor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Upon returning to her family home, the kitchen awaited her attention. Dirty plates and empty pails were scattered across the room, ready to be cleaned and filled with fresh tap water.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}The works never end. It\uc0{\u8217}s like a never-ending cycle, always more farming to be done, more house chores to attend to, and more studying to pursue,\uc0{\u8221} She said as she was yawning, and stretching her body. Finally she decided it was time to call it a night and left the kitchen, heading towards her bedroom.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Soon, Ndikuriyo entered his son Nduwayo\uc0{\u8217}s bedroom, he handed something to him , quietly saying, \uc0{\u8221}Take this!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} A worn-out notebook!\uc0{\u8221} Said Nduwayo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}This is our family\uc0{\u8217}s secret book contains information about our wealth, farming gardens, goats, and cows , it contains also the location where you can find them.\uc0{\u8221} Ndikuriyo said,\uc0{\u8221} But Nduwayo, you must promise me one thing. You must keep this book a secret from your sister.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} But, Dad? Why Shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t I show this notebook to my sister, yet she is your first born?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Well, our society is evolving, it has adopted a strange culture that people should practice inclusivity and fairness in their families. It is said that females should have the same opportunities as males, including sharing in their father\uc0{\u8217}s inheritance.\uc0{\u8221} Ndikuriyo whispered in Nduwayo ears}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Now I am in my seventieth, I can pass away anytime from now, and I fear that if your sister were to inherit our wealth and get married, it may fall into the hands of others. So protect what we\uc0{\u8217}ve built!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 gazing at the notebook, he hold it tightly, a weight of responsibility settling on his young shoulders,\uc0{\u8221} I promise, Dad. I\uc0{\u8217}ll keep the notebook safe and secretly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the melodious song of early bird hanged in the air, Chantal in her gray robe, woke up,\uc0{\u8221} Time to start another busy day,\uc0{\u8221} she said. She embarked in her daily routine and devoted herself to her secret pursuit of reading and practicing writing, seizing every opportunity, even when alone in the kitchen during meal preparation and house chores. As weeks turned into months, her efforts bore fruit. She became adept at combining alphabets to form short, manageable words. A radiant smile graced Chantal\uc0{\u8217}s face as she diligently practiced writing letters and words, her hands growing more confident with each stroke of the pen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As time passed, months turned into years, and Chantal had honed her literacy skills to a remarkable level. She read and wrote with proficiency.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mean while,In a neighborhood field, the scorching rays of the sun beat down upon the heads of the boys engaged in a spirited game of hand-made ball. As they ran and competed against each other, It was like the thrill of flying on the wings of the wind, feeling free, and happy. Nduwayo took a quick break, wiping the sweat off his forehead, head towards his family home,and entered straight to the kitchen. He grabbed a mag and poured some water. Like a desert traveler finding an oasis, quenching his thirst. Nduwayo took a refreshing sip of water, sighing, feeling of relief.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the quiet bedroom of Nduwayo, his sister Chantal came across a notebook hidden underneath his pillow while she was sweeping the brother \uc0{\u8217}s bedroom.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Suddenly, entered the room, Nduwayo s eyes widen with astonishment as he watched Chantal, his sister, standing by his bed, reading the father s secret notebook out loud.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Chantal\uc0{\u8230} How\uc0{\u8230} What are you doing?\uc0{\u8221} Said Nduwayo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Chantal, holding the notebook tightly, looks up at Nduwayo, her eyes met Nduwayo\uc0{\u8217}s. \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8230} I can read, Nduwayo!\uc0{\u8221} She said softly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nduwayo\uc0{\u8217}s heart pounded in his chest, with disbelief and concern, he took a step forward, \uc0{\u8221} How did you learn to read?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I found a way, Nduwayo. I\uc0{\u8217}ve been attending literacy classes. I wanted to know what our father kept hidden,\uc0{\u8221} she said, \uc0{\u8221} But why should you be the only one trusted with our family\uc0{\u8217}s secret about the family wealth? I can shoulder that responsibility too.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nduwayo and Chantal stood face-to-face, Nduwayo\uc0{\u8217}s face red with anger, \uc0{\u8221}How dare you betray our father\uc0{\u8217}s trust and read his secret notes!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I have a right to know, Nduwayo! I refuse to be kept in the dark while you hold all secrets in your hands!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nduwayo\uc0{\u8217}s fists tighten, his anger boiling over, he gritted his teeth, \uc0{\u8221} you had no business snooping around, Chantal! You need to wait for marriage and go forever.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Marriage? Is that what you call it? I\uc0{\u8217}m tired of being treated like I\uc0{\u8217}m incapable of my own choice of living! I deserve to be trusted too!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ndikuriyo and Spesioza drawn by the escalating argument, entered the room, wide-eyed and jaws dropped, witnessed the intense confrontation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What is going on here?\uc0{\u8221} Asked Ndikuriyo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Dad, She read the secret notes I kept for you!\uc0{\u8221} Said Nduwayo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Please, dad and mom, I just wanted to know our family\uc0{\u8217}s story, to be included!\uc0{\u8221} Said Chantal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ndikuriyo and Spesioza exchanged concerned glances, they were confused. \uc0{\u8221}Chantal\uc0{\u8230} you can read?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}But\uc0{\u8230} but how? We never knew\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} Said Ndikuriyo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Dad and mom, Chantal has been secretly attending literacy classes at Catholic church!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The family gathered around Nduwayo\uc0{\u8217}s bed, looked astonished and guilt. Chantal stood next her brother, determined to challenge the whole family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yes, Chantal\uc0{\u8230} your determination is commendable. You\uc0{\u8217}ve proven us, and our culture wrong.\uc0{\u8221} Spesioza said, \uc0{\u8221} how dare you stand exchanging words with men, even your own father! Where is the cultural education I taught you?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Come down sweet heart, it will be ok.\uc0{\u8221} Said Ndikuriyo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Chantal, I\uc0{\u8217}m proud of you\uc0{\u8230} but you must understand, our society\uc0{\u8230} it\uc0{\u8217}s different for women. Women marry into other families, and\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} Said Nduwayo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}So, because I\uc0{\u8217}m a woman, I\uc0{\u8217}m not entitled to the knowledge and wealth of our blood family? Is that what you\uc0{\u8217}re saying? That my worth lies only in marriage?\uc0{\u8221} Said Chantal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}No, Chantal, that\uc0{\u8217}s not what we meant\uc0{\u8230} It\uc0{\u8217}s just\uc0{\u8230} tradition, you know?\uc0{\u8221} Said Ndikuriyo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Tradition should never be an excuse for inequality. I refuse to accept a future confined to ignorance simply because of my gender.\uc0{\u8221} Said Chantal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}We never wanted to hold you back, Chantal. But\uc0{\u8230}tradition.\uc0{\u8221} Said Spesioza.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I want you to see me as more than a future bride. I want you to acknowledge my potential, and my dreams.\uc0{\u8221} Said Chantal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Fine, now you have what you wanted, my secret notebook, and from now on, you are free to design your life your own way.\uc0{\u8221} Said Ndikuriyo, her father, \uc0{\u8221} let\uc0{\u8217}s unite as a family in our pursuit of personal choices and growth; even though we will be considered as betrayals of own culture.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Together, they embraced a future free from barriers, united in their pursuit of growth and love.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}