{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy04\hr14\min36\sec02}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy04\hr14\min36\sec02}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 <span;>In a beautiful<span;> <span;>city, there lived a small, kind girl who longed to be loved and accepted. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t talk much; she was quiet and calm, <span;>she didn\uc0{\u8217}t express her wishes, dreams, or dislikes<span;>, unlike other children. Until one day, her life underwent a significant change, which began when she started school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 <span;>There, she found many children and eagerly went to school every morning. During recess, <span;>she would follow her classmates to play, but all she got was wasting her time and being pushed around by them. She was different from the other children and younger than them, and she didn\uc0{\u8217}t know how to befriend them. Gradually, she no longer wanted to go to school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 <span;>After school, when she came home, her stepmother paid no attention to her and always scolded her. <span;>The little girl<span;> had to set the table and wash the dishes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 <span;>She was upset that no one loved her until the next day when, on her way back home from school, a very beautiful and large parrot perched on her shoulder. <span;>Despite her fear<span;> and trepidation, the child touched the parrot and said, \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m glad to see a beautiful parrot like you; this is the best day of my life.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 <span;>With enthusiasm, the child asked the parrot, \uc0{\u8221}Do you want to be friends with me? I don\uc0{\u8217}t have anyone to play with.\uc0{\u8221} The parrot spoke, and the child looked at it in astonishment. The parrot said, \uc0{\u8221}I will be your best friend.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 <span;>She took the parrot home, but her family initially didn\uc0{\u8217}t allow her to bring it inside. The parrot had to stay outside, and the little girl stayed outside with it, <span;>She embraced the parrot, lay on the ground, gazed at the sky and <span;>closed her eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 <span;>Suddenly, everything changed. Her mother came to her bed, kissed her cheeks, and said, \uc0{\u8221}My daughter, I love you infinitely and will always be by your side. You are the only reason I live.\uc0{\u8221} With tear-filled eyes, the child hugged her mother tightly, not wanting to let go her mother which she had waited for all her life, She fell asleep in her mother\uc0{\u8217}s arms.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 <span;>Her mother extended her hands towards the child and said, \uc0{\u8221}Would you like to fly with me and look at the earth from above?\uc0{\u8221} The child, excited, took her mother\uc0{\u8217}s hand, and they flew together. Her mother said, \uc0{\u8221}Look at this star, my child. This is my star. Whenever you feel down, look towards it, and you will see me. My eyes are always on you and will never look away for even a moment.\uc0{\u8221}<span;>The child embraced her mother, took a deep breath, and said, \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m glad you are here with me.<span;> A little later, she heard her mother\uc0{\u8217}s gentle voice, \uc0{\u8221}My child, it\uc0{\u8217}s time to go to school.\uc0{\u8221} She opened her eyes and told her mother, \uc0{\u8221}I dreamed that we flew\uc0{\u160} to the skies together.\uc0{\u8221} Her mother smiled, kissed her face, and combed her hair. She said, \uc0{\u8221}Always remember that your mother loves you very much and will never leave you alone.\uc0{\u8221}<span;><span;>The child, with a smile on her face, said goodbye to her mother and, along with her parrot, headed to school. she was loughing with herself. She entered her class and sat in her place. The bell rang, and her classmates came to fetch her to play together. The child happily went and played with them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 <span;>After school, she went home with her parrot, and her mother was waiting for her. She hugged her mother and said, \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m so happy. Today I played with my classmates.\uc0{\u8221} Tears welled up in her mother\uc0{\u8217}s eyes as she hugged and kissed her child\uc0{\u8217}s head and cheeks.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 <span;>Suddenly<span;>, she heard a loud and harsh voice. The child opened her eyes and looked around. She saw her stepmother angrily saying, \uc0{\u8221}Get up and clean the house. You\uc0{\u8217}ve rested enough.\uc0{\u8221} The girl found herself back in her usual mire and wept. From then on, the child always gazed at the sky, waiting for a miracle to be hugged by her mother once again, and told herself, \uc0{\u8221}I must always remain silent.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {}\par
\sect
}