{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy12\hr04\min07\sec06}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy12\hr04\min07\sec06}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Pat 2}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Beyond the gates, past the thousands of grounded motorbikes and cars whose owners were seeking refuge from inside, dozens of bathing shelters were erected to compensate for the camp\uc0{\u8217}s inadequate sanitation facilities. The UN peacekeeping forces had little choice but to allow people outside around the gate\uc0{\u8217}s entrance during daytime hours, ensuring the growing camp\uc0{\u8217}s survival. Shady trees hosting tea spots stood in front of the shelters. Beyond the trees lay a graveyard crowded with people burying their loved ones who died in the war. The Custom-Bilpham road, which facilitated Kiir and his men, was about three to four steps from the tea spots. On the eastern side, rows of buildings with a food market where we bought extra food when we had money. The tea area had become another place like thousands of Juba tea spots where politics was the main topic of conversation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 During the three weeks of the war, I was haunted by the fact that I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t take the primary leaving certificate exam. Before the war, I was confident I\uc0{\u8217}d pass with flying colors and secure a scholarship. I drew inspiration from the many students I knew who had earned scholarships within the country by working hard. Ahead of the exams, our class teacher presented the best government boarding schools, saying only the top students would qualify for admission. I filled in three choices, ranked by my expected marks. I was sure that no matter how poorly I may perform, I\uc0{\u8217}d still qualify for admission to the third school, Juba Day, one of the best government school as well.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Fortunately, just a few days later a radio broadcast confirmed the rumors that had been circulating through the camp, announcing our exams would resume. Although the war disrupted our Primary Leaving Exams, some schools in counties outside the war zone such as Yei in Central Equatoria state were able to continue. In contrast, Juba was too dangerous, as it was still embroiled in fighting.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As students in the IDP camp, we had no access to study materials, making our chances of passing the exam bleak. However, I was fortunate my classmate Lado\uc0{\u8217}s family relocated to a new home due to escalating insecurity in their previous neighborhood. Lado\uc0{\u8217}s new home was just a five-minute walk outside the IDP camp. Despite the danger of venturing outside the entrance, I decided to visit Lado one afternoon.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The last time Lado tried to visit me, he was almost beaten and had to run for his life. The Nuer had become increasingly hostile towards outsiders, and many other visitors had already been attacked. I walked swiftly, pretending I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t worried at all. As I approached Lado\uc0{\u8217}s house, he opened the gate before I could knock, having spotted me through the bamboo fence.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Oh God, Stephen, is that you? Only a month and you\uc0{\u8217}ve become so thin!\uc0{\u8221} His eyes welled up with tears. \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s not fair, my brother.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t cry, my brother,\uc0{\u8221} I said. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m not that bad. Look at yourself, you\uc0{\u8217}ve lost shape, my good friend.\uc0{\u8221} Lado had become thin as well; he appeared even taller than he had before.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Welcome home Stephen, my brother,\uc0{\u8221} Lado said, welcoming me to a chair in his small, makeshift bamboo shelter besides the main building where his mother and siblings lived. He probably told them I was his rival once\uc0{\u8212}we both competed for the top spot in class since grade seven. But in grade eight, we had put our differences aside and worked together to catapult our school to the top ten in the country. Lado must have told his family as well that we became like brothers as they all came out t throw me a huge welcome. When they went inside again, Lado explained that he had stopped his motorbike business because of the insecurity in the city. Motorists were being shot or had their bikes snatched away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ve done everything I could to find you, Stephen. Our phone calls weren\uc0{\u8217}t getting through. In the second day when the fighting erupted, Mary, your girlfriend, some of our classmates and I went to the IDP camp searching for you. Even our teachers were worried about your safety. We were shocked by how congested the camp was. I can\uc0{\u8217}t even imagine the hell it must have turned into now, only a month after.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Living there has been the worst kind of hell,\uc0{\u8221} I said. \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s not just the lack of food or shelter that terrifies me; it\uc0{\u8217}s the constant fear of getting sick or catching some contagious disease that may spread through the camp. We\uc0{\u8217}ve been there for a month, but things have only gotten worse. In my life, I haven seen people being displaced by flooding water but in that inside the compound, floods of human waste displace people. You might fall asleep and wake up by midnight submerged in it.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s very sad. I\uc0{\u8217}m so sorry, Stephen,\uc0{\u8221} Lado said in a low, sad crying tone. \uc0{\u8220}We shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t have to endure such inhumane conditions in our country after independence. Sometimes, I feel like our leaders don\uc0{\u8217}t care about our country anymore, or about us, the younger generation. When I went to the IDP compound, most of the displaced people were children and women. It\uc0{\u8217}s always the innocent and vulnerable ones who suffer the worst of war. Meanwhile, the children of the politicians live comfortably outside the country. They don\uc0{\u8217}t understand our suffering, because they don\uc0{\u8217}t know us. They only talk about the people they know\uc0{\u8212}their parents. When we drown in a war like this, they talk and laugh about who is winning, Kiir or Riek. They\uc0{\u8217}re well off, whether the country is independent or not. Yet, Kiir and Riek will never be close enough to each other to have a physical fight. If you told them to take up arms and fight their war, they\uc0{\u8217}d probably make peace right away,\uc0{\u8221} Lado said with anger running through his voice.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s sad, my brother.\uc0{\u8221} I said}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Last week, I was almost killed, carrying these textbooks.\uc0{\u8221} He picked up a pile of books from his bed and placed them on the table: mathematics, social studies, and religious studies. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ve been reading them since they announced the exams at the beginning of the week. But I was worried about you. How can you pass the exams without any books? So I tried to find you at the compound but I was almost strangled to death by some young Nuer boys who thought I was a spy. This country and its ridiculous tribal divisions are tearing us apart, brother.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}My brother, we\uc0{\u8217}ve been traumatized. The Nuer in the IDP camp don\uc0{\u8217}t trust anyone from the outside anymore,\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s true, Stephen. Will you be able to take the exams outside?\uc0{\u8221} Lado asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t think I can go outside. The UNMISS staff informed us that we would do the exams in the compound. I\uc0{\u8217}m glad for that. They noted our names and our school indices yesterday. I just don\uc0{\u8217}t know where it will take place exactly, since the entire camp is overflowing with people.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m happy to hear that, Stephen,\uc0{\u8221} Lado exclaimed with a wide smile. \uc0{\u8220}I can\uc0{\u8217}t imagine you missing the exams.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Just then, his younger sister arrived with a steaming bowl of asida and a flavorful meat-vegetable stew\uc0{\u8212}the first decent meal I had had since the war broke out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When we finished the meal, Lado escorted me to the other side of the road. It was only 3 p.m., but the huge Iron Gate with piercing spikes on top was closed. A crowd had gathered before it, desperate to get in. A few minutes after I arrived, gunfire erupted behind me, bullets hitting the crowds at close range. It was chaos\uc0{\u8212}screaming, people scrambling to climb the gate, the smell of gunpowder filling the air.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To jump the gate, you first had to stand on someone\uc0{\u8217}s shoulders, then on another person\uc0{\u8217}s shoulders, and if you were lucky enough not to be pulled down, you had to throw yourself over the spikes. That was what I did. Once I landed on the other side, I noticed my palms and my shoulder were bleeding from minor cuts. In all the turmoil, I lost the textbooks Lado had given me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two days later, we streamed into the UN House for our exams. The examination center was a twenty-minute walk from the civilian camp, along a brown gravel road that bisected the UN residential area. While hundreds of thousands of Nuer sought refuge, only a few hundred of their children were sitting for exams. The examination center was a big hall, filled with tables and chairs tagged with names and indexes, spilling out onto the veranda. The exams lasted five days, under tight security and the watchful eye of a vigilant invigilator to ensure everything ran smoothly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After the second day of the exam, I spoke with my brother, one of my many nephews, my cousins and my uncles on the phone, who were all worried about how we would survive in the compound. They told me they had been mobilized into the White Army, a civilian militia marching on foot towards Juba, leaving a trail of destruction in their wake. They had overrun Bor, the capital of Jonglei state, 150 km north of Juba. The White Army was as brutal as the government killing machine in Juba, both spare no civilians. They mauled and looted Bor town and executed innocents, mirroring the Juba government bloodstained atrocities against civilians.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On Friday, the last day of our exams, we received devastating news. It shook our entire community. the White Army was scattered, after Ugandan reinforcement forces fighting alongside South Sudanese forces struck back. Three of my cousins, two of my nephews, and four of my uncles were killed when a Ugandan gunship shelled their position.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our phone on Tuesday was the last time I spoke to them. The news of their deaths left us in an unending grief\uc0{\u8212}a sorrow that persists today. It felt like the Nuer were being crushed from both sides: the deaths of civilians fighting with nothing but light machine guns against sophisticated armed troops from another country, and the ongoing massacres in Juba targeting the Nuer ethnic group.}}\par
\sect
}