{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy09\hr09\min14\sec30}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy09\hr09\min14\sec30}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ndouyeyo \uc0{\u8211} he would say intimidating us as kids. Ndouyeyo \uc0{\u8211} translated \uc0{\u8211} I am coming for you \uc0{\u8211} was Sekuru Peter\uc0{\u8217}s way of scaring us off to bed as kids.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}You\uc0{\u8217}ll scare the kids to death and hysteria,\uc0{\u8217} my mum would scare Sekuru Peter each time he did his stunt on us and drove us to tears. Sekuru Peter was 50, so he said, some speculated 60. He was happy to be an object of fascination and controversy about his real age. My grandmother, the woman who gave birth to my father, was from Sekuru Peter\uc0{\u8217}s family. Hence Sekuru Peter could be translated as Uncle Peter. He was the ultimate comedian but as kids his antics would drive us to terror and awe of him. He was full of giggles, laughs, wry smiles and he lived alone in an unfinished red brick house without any kids or life partner. It was not publicly known whether he cared to bathe or cook, for he was a man fond of patrolling the village streets daily, hoping to find grain beer or a meal at a neighbor\uc0{\u8217}s house and thus finish his day without making an effort to do anything for himself. Each time he popped by our house he wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t mind grabbing boiling sticks of meat off the oven pot, smash the kitchen door for bread or tins of biscuits. He was lawless whenever he passed by our home knowing that our family loved and respected him \uc0{\u8211} for our grandmother, on the father\uc0{\u8217}s side, came from his family. Each time he fished out a slice of meat from a simmering pot, he would shout, \uc0{\u8220}Mai Nyasha,\uc0{\u8221} referring to my mum, \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re damaging kids by letting them live a life of opulence, cooking them expensive beef daily. Beef is for adults.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sekuru Peter\uc0{\u8217}s professional past was said to be a bus conductor. \uc0{\u8216}He plied the famous Derera bus as a conductor, cashier,\uc0{\u8221} my mum would say of Sekuru Peter\uc0{\u8217}s exploits in the 70s. \uc0{\u8216}He was so good at shuffling bills of dollar notes and counting off his head without a calculator, and of course stealing some of the proceeds from the bus owner.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sekuru Peter himself never opened up to us about his past job or love life. Any attempt to interrogate him on his past job was met with fierce, dismissive laughs, and the more we would try to probe, he would go berserk, and threaten, \uc0{\u8220}If you keep asking, tomorrow I\uc0{\u8217}d come back here wearing plastics soiled with rough sand.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Just hearing those threats, we would, as kids scream to mum and leave Sekuru Peter alone to his past and present. \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t ask him of his past or he\uc0{\u8217}d eat out your lunch,\uc0{\u8221} mum would doubly warn us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Thus with time as our wonder about Sekuru Peter\uc0{\u8217}s past deepened, our dread of him would also grow. Ndouyeyo \uc0{\u8211} \uc0{\u8216}I\uc0{\u8217}m coming for you!\uc0{\u8217} \uc0{\u8211} he would growl from the footpath of our pineapples garden threatening to descend on our playground. We would scatter like chicken disturbed by a whirlwind and run back to mum, weeping \uc0{\u8211} \uc0{\u8220}Sekuru Peter is scaring us, threatening to grab us.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mum would scold Sekuru Peter for a while, admonishing him that it\uc0{\u8217}s inhuman to scare the kids, us. Sekuru Peter would laugh derisively and of course help himself to a plateful of rice, mango juice and goat meat in our family kitchen before strolling 2 km to retire at his home where he barely lived except for hours of the night.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a Sunday morning, and word rang out in the village, I remember vividly. \uc0{\u8220}Sekuru Peter has been found dead \uc0{\u8211} his lips and face stuck to the soil at the village well,\uc0{\u8221} the village chief told us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He was buried quickly, no postmortem was done and any talk of Sekuru Peter\uc0{\u8217}s past professional life and love life seemed to be suppressed at the funeral. This deepened my wonder of who Sekuru Peter really was.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}He was the ultimate comedian, laughing, loving, a delightful soul for this village,\uc0{\u8221} my mum finally opened up.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}But why did he laugh so much, so hard?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160} I asked mum.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You ask too many hard questions,\uc0{\u8221} mum replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Because for such a junky man, he leaves behind an impressive red brick house and mysterious manner of death,\uc0{\u8221} I told mum.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She laughed as if to inhale dust rather than expel it, scanned around the kitchen do as if looking out for spies and rubbed my forehead and whispered: \uc0{\u8220}Behind the dovish laughs of Sekuru Peter, his loving humanity, it\uc0{\u8217}s said in 60s he was a bus conductor, killed a man for ritualistic purposes, to enhance his bus career and earnings. The avenging spirit of the dead man drove him to be a wayward comedian, laughing daily till his death recently on Sunday. So, on Saturday, he laughed for the last time.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\sect
}