{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo08\dy03\hr10\min07\sec09}{\revtim \yr2022\mo08\dy03\hr10\min07\sec09}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 I went to a meeting of the Surprise Valley Service Club. They meet every two weeks in the Church of Christ on the town square, right across from a lovely green park. I was surprised to see some neighbors there, plus quite a few people I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know. We started the meeting with the Pledge of Allegiance, something I thought that only elementary school students recite, but I guess other people do too. The guests were introduced, including me. In my mind, I imagined the person who invited me saying, \uc0{\u8221}Oh and he\uc0{\u8217}s gay.\uc0{\u8221} But she never did. Then the Chair read some thank you letters from a high school student who had been given a scholarship and from the student\uc0{\u8217}s teacher. The next topic was the Senior Luncheon at the County Fair, coming up in just a few weeks, which the club organizes and hosts. Anyone over 55 can eat for free. That includes me! I\uc0{\u8217}m thinking of joining the club. It seems like they do a lot of good work for the local community. If someone\uc0{\u8217}s pipes freeze in the winter, they help them out. If they lose their job and don\uc0{\u8217}t have enough money for food, the club will give some support. I raised my hand to ask about the application process. \uc0{\u8221}Oh, people just ask us,\uc0{\u8221} they said.}\par
\sect
}