{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy12\hr05\min10\sec07}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy12\hr05\min10\sec07}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sevi the maid was adventurous in spirit and full of energy whilst her employer, Madam Boss, was lazy and had stiff emotions. Sevi had just come from the rural areas when she was 19 three years ago. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t know how to unplug an iron or run the Samsung machine. Now 21, Sevi was a sophisticated city girl and knew all the back-roads of Manresa, the largest and the poshest suburb in Madrix City.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t even wash my husband\uc0{\u8217}s underwear, it\uc0{\u8217}s too much of a hassle,\uc0{\u8221} Madam Boss bragged to Sevi every week.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ll gladly do,\uc0{\u8221} Sevi told Madam Boss. Sevi was doing more than the normal maid duties. Apart from cleaning the house and cooking meals, she was venturing into Madam\uc0{\u8217}s Boss\uc0{\u8217}s bedroom, being asked to wash the underwear, handkerchiefs and vests of Mhofela, who was Madam Boss\uc0{\u8217}s husband. Madam Boss was hardly home and when Sevi arrived she forgot to cook supper for her husband. Sevi would kneed serving Mhofela his favorite supper of spiced okra and oxtail while Madam Boss headed straight to the shower and bed every evening upon return from her cosmetics boutique shop. At first Sevi wore the normal long apron dress and hair cap that all maids in Manresa were expected and forced to wear. With time, Sevi\uc0{\u8217}s dresses were getting shorter and she was bathing three times each day. After serving Mhofela supper, Sevi\uc0{\u8217}s evenings were filled with laughter as she engaged in idle chatter with Mhofela whose job as a mechanic shop owner tired him to the bone. Mhofela would ask Sevi about her favorite brand of cornflakes, her mad coiffed hair and whether loud snores from his bedroom which he shared with Madam Boss were filtering to the rest of the house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I hardly hear a thing,\uc0{\u8221} Sevi said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You sleep like a baby?\uc0{\u8221} Mhofela said, gesturing at her nose. \uc0{\u8220}You have been a wonderful house help here, Sevi\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m only doing my job,\uc0{\u8221} she said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re running this house,\uc0{\u8221} Mhofela protested.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Madam Boss strolled into the lounge, after locking his Mercedes Benz\uc0{\u8217}s doors and glanced into the lounge before doing her usual routine \uc0{\u8211} work, shower, bedroom. As soon as Madam Boss walked in, Sevi sprung out of the sofa and like the good maid she was, rushed to the sink to clean the pots.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Soon, before she bang the bedroom door, Madam Boss hands her a clothing basket full of Mhofela\uc0{\u8217}s dirty underwear and stockings. \uc0{\u8220}Here, take to your room\uc0{\u8221} she said, \uc0{\u8220}it\uc0{\u8217}s for tomorrow, Sunday tasks\uc0{\u8221}. She shut her door and went to sleep ahead of her husband Mhofela who switched to watching \uc0{\u8216}Chicago 55\uc0{\u8217}, a Netflix documentary with Sevi.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You have had a long day,\uc0{\u8221} Mhofela told Sevi.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sevi looped his head downwards and replied calmly, \uc0{\u8220}sort of\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was in May when Mhofela and Madam Boss discovered that Sevi, their live-in help, was pregnant. Sevi\uc0{\u8217}s belly was big and her due date was near. Madam Boss was disappointed and wanted to send her away. \uc0{\u8220}She has jeopardized our job, we can\uc0{\u8217}t have two babies in the house especially when our baby finally arrives,\uc0{\u8221} she warned of Sevi\uc0{\u8217}s full blown pregnancy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We are Christians, she has been part of us, she can stay until the baby is 5 years old. Look, ours is not yet here,\uc0{\u8221} Mhofela replied to his wife. \uc0{\u8220}Let\uc0{\u8217}s keep Sevi, our goodwill\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}She must learn a lesson \uc0{\u8211} get pregnant, lose the job,\uc0{\u8221} Madam Boss railed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mhofela almost knelt before his wife before clapping his hands lightly. \uc0{\u8220}For Sevi only, my wife did this good deed,\uc0{\u8221} he pleaded. \uc0{\u8220}Who is the father anyway?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I asked a dozen times, Sevi is keeping her baby\uc0{\u8217}s father a secret,\uc0{\u8221} Madam Boss replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Ask again and again,\uc0{\u8221} Mhofela said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m tired,\uc0{\u8221} said Madam Boss, preparing to slip into her bedroom pyjamas. Ten years had gone after Madam Boss and Mhofela\uc0{\u8217}s wedding and their marriage had not been blessed with a baby yet. The couple had exhausted all IVF fertility doctors and \uc0{\u8216}miracle\uc0{\u8217} pastors in Madrix City in search of a solution. But no baby had come to their marriage. They finally agreed that Sevi would remain a maid in their household and to give her oncoming baby stability until the baby was 1 year old. It was the best they could do as a childless Christian couple to a maid who had fallen pregnant ahead of them. \uc0{\u8220}I hope the father of the baby is not some drug addict because if she got pregnant by an irresponsible man, we will chase her out,\uc0{\u8221} Mhofela assured his wife. \uc0{\u8220}Sevi has been like a daughter to us but she must seek ways to connect with her baby\uc0{\u8217}s father. We are giving her 12 months in our household\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s okay my husband,\uc0{\u8221} the lazy Madam Boss said, asking a heavily pregnant Sevi to come to the bedroom with a bowl of warm water and douse her feet in a slow massage. \uc0{\u8220}When you are done \uc0{\u8211} throw away the water and go wash Mhofela\uc0{\u8217}s tie. It must be ready for him to wear tomorrow if you put it in the washing machine overnight\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I understand, madam,\uc0{\u8221} Sevi said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In May, Sevi the maid gave birth to a bouncing baby boy and Mhofela, her employer, took to the baby like a duck to water. Mhofela was smitten by the fatherless baby. He would snort with the baby every evening until he slept. He ordered the best toys in Madrix City for the baby and bought a big coatbed for the boy so that the baby and Sevi could move away from the servants quarters to a bigger room. \uc0{\u8220}I shudder to think some fool of a father out there is avoiding this cute baby,\uc0{\u8221} Mhofela said whilst having dinner with Sevi and Madam Mhofela his wife.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Some men are dogs,\uc0{\u8221} Sevi replied, leaving the baby in Mhofela\uc0{\u8217}s lap. Sevi rushed to the kitchen and like the faithful maid she was, quickly devoted herself to doing the dishes, four weeks after giving birth. Madam Boss took her chance to bond with her maid\uc0{\u8217}s baby, doling out some formula milk and patting the baby to sleep when the boy started to cry and toss.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Madam Boss was uncharacteristically early from work when she stumbled into her house to the scene of her husband Mhofela cuddling on the sofa with Sevi the maid. It was a match made in heaven. The baby was balancing precariously in both laps of Mhofela and Sevi. \uc0{\u8220}What dirty is this?!\uc0{\u8221} cursed Madam Boss as she planted her foot into the family television screen in anger. \uc0{\u8220}To think I gave you a home and kept your job when you got pregnant. I feel such a fool. And you Mhofela, you better have an explanation for this!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I can\uc0{\u8217}t love,\uc0{\u8221} Mhofela said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What do you mean you can\uc0{\u8217}t? Sevi, pack your bags, now!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sevi cursed as she banged the door on her way out of the homestead into the dark night with her baby clutched in arm. Soon Mhofela lifted his carry bag packed with two shorts, two shirts, stockings, underwear and his work laptop. He was gone for good, following Sevi to a motel 60 miles away from his homestead. Mhofela was the father of Sevi\uc0{\u8217}s baby, a messenger arrived a week later with a handwritten letter to deliver to the gathered families of Madam Boss and Mhofela. Madam Boss had taken too long to fall pregnant, added Mhofela in blue ink. Sevi co-signed the letter, berating Madam Boss for being too lazy or busy to cook for her husband. \uc0{\u8220}To think you forced me to wash the underwear, ties and stockings of your husband. No married woman should ask a maid such,\uc0{\u8221} mouthed off Sevi.}}\par
\sect
}