{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy04\hr11\min08\sec55}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy04\hr11\min08\sec55}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 In the religious town where I live, sexual harassment is rampant. I first wrote about it on Twitter. By the way, one of my friends also wrote about it, and then a man mocked the post and said that no one should deal with ugly people like you. Next time, I decided to show women and men in other cities with documents and evidence of sexual harassment in the street with photos and videos. However, they still made fun of our faces and bodies. I always wore a simple coat and pants and a scarf. Sometimes I even wore a veil and covered my face in some places of the city for fear of my life. I was devastated that even under the same veil, the fear of being touched by a stranger did not leave me; Because no one believed me; Because they made fun of my words; And in the end, they would blame me. Because they even touched my body from the same veil!I understood that a car was following me but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t pay attention. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t pay attention because I was paying attention to the posters about sexual harassment on the street. I reached a dead end. First of all, there was a light pole in the alley and I was sticking the poster when suddenly two cars stopped, an unmarked car and another car belonging to the police force. Four people got off. One person in personal clothes and the rest in uniform. Then they asked me violently, what are these that you are sticking to? I was scared and stammered, \uc0{\u8221}Nothing!\uc0{\u8221} It is about women and their safety in the street. They violently took the posters from my hand and pushed me towards the car. We boarded and they kept threatening me on the way that you have no right to say what was exchanged between us when we released you. My mobile phone was also taken from me. We entered the police station. It was crowded. I was standing where there were drug dealers, drunk drivers, and wife-beaters. Bitter and scary. very scary. Under the heavy gaze of people whose harm to the society was much, much more than mine. I used to say that security is necessary, but they destroyed security themselves. A sense of humiliation and fear. They threatened me that I would go to jail for at least 5 years. They used to look at the posters and tell me with a sneer and a smile, have you looked at your height? Did you think you could save society?! I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want any of my friends to know how humiliated I was. Even after my release, many of my friends broke up with me. As if I had an infectious disease like leprosy. I was afraid of my family. Even if something bad happens to them because of the grief of dishonor, how will they look at me later? A distant relative told me very frankly that no man would marry a woman like you who has a history and has been arrested. I became alone But it is enough for one person to be aware\uc0{\u8230} Later I found friends who loved me; Myself, and my efforts. It was worth it, it was even worth going to court alone.}\par
\sect
}