{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy01\hr10\min25\sec30}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy01\hr10\min25\sec30}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Shadows by Mugisha}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Run Melinda\uc0{\u8221}, screamed the voices inside Melinda\uc0{\u8217}s head her heart was pounding so hard like a mad baboon trying to break out of its cage, the object chasing her was catching up with her, a dark tall figure with no face, she was scared, spending her last day on earth being chased to death by a thing she had no idea what it was, the sky was crowded with\uc0{\u160} dark clouds and there was no stars to light the sky, even the moon had forsaken Melinda, running so fast but her feet could not move any faster it\uc0{\u8217}s as if they had given up and accepted their fate. Could this be the End of Melinda she laid there thinking and waiting for her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Melinda who had been dealt a difficult hand in life, she grew up in a poor, rural area with little opportunity or hope for a better future. Despite the hardship she was facing, Melinda was determined to make something of herself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Melinda turned Twenty in the echoes of the cold June, and ever since it\uc0{\u8217}s been a roller coaster of strange dreams, being chased by dark figures in the forest or falling in an endless pit she keeps falling and falling never hitting the ground. And she wakes up sweating and her heart racing a marathon in the morning. Melinda lived with her mom and Nana and her two siblings James and Ruth, she is the oldest in the family, Her Nana used to tell her stories of great heroic women who overcome great odds and she wanted to be like them, she knew that the only way to do this was through strength and determination.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Melinda finished her high school and was waiting for the result to come out, she has been praying all her life to get good grade and get a scholarship to a very nice school so she could rescue her mom, her nana and her two siblings who all looked up to her, the only thing that was between her and her dreams was the grade she nervously was waiting for.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One afternoon, the sky was very clear and there was no sign of clouds or storms in sight, Melinda decided to go out in the woods and gather some wood, so she can prepare a warm dinner for her mom who spent the entire day at the market selling vegetables. Despite being poor Melinda knew how to take care of her body, she had a smooth chocolate skin and with nice medium hips, she was Nick named the village goddess every time she walked men could stare at her and girls could ask her what her secret was. But this afternoon stumbled upon a mysterious cave she ventured inside and soon found herself in the dark, damp chamber.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Just as she was about to turn back, she heard a faint sound coming from deeper within the cave, curiosity won out and she followed the sound until she came upon, an ancient door. She reached out to touch the door and it suddenly swung open.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Melinda was shocked to find a group of bandits inside the chamber. They quickly grabbed her and forced her to come with them. It seemed they were planning to use Melinda for a ransom and sell her as a sex worker to rich Men in the Capital. \uc0{\u8220}Moooooooooomy!!!! Nanaaaaaa!!\uc0{\u8221} Melinda screamed, \uc0{\u8220}Shhhhhh shut up woman\uc0{\u8221} one of the Bandit whispered to her holding her by the neck pinning her to the cave wall, she knew she had only one chance to escape, she remembered move she saw in a scene in a movie she hit the bandit holding her in the crotch he dropped down in pain as she made her escape, she was running so fast not looking back she heard a voice calling her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was her mom waking her up it seemed that she was dreaming again she took a deep breath of relief her mom was bringing her good news that she has been selected for a scholarship to study in the UK and she jumped with joy. She was happy that the shadows of worry and stress will not Bother her no more.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And for the Rest of her days, Melinda used her strength to inspire others and show them that anything is possible if you just believe in yourself. She became a symbol of hope and courage and proved that strength comes from within and that distractions are like Shadows they are meant to be behind you.}}\par
\sect
}