{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy10\hr08\min52\sec04}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy10\hr08\min52\sec04}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Shattered dreams}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I fled my country Burundi because of war to seek refuge here in Kakuma refugee camp, Kenya. I came here when i was young therefore I literally grew up in Kakuma refugee camp. This camp is my home now because I don\uc0{\u8217}t even remember how my home country looks like. I have managed to get free education though passed through a lot of hardships. Imagine learning in a class of around 250 leaners in the same class. The classes are congested. The weather is too hot and a lot of dust everywhere. I remember vividly when i was in my secondary school level. It was one of the most challenging times i have had in my entire life. I was putting my life at stake just for the sake of performing well in order to get a scholarship. This was in 2010. We were not having electricity in our homes. I was using a paraffin lamp to read and even to light the house. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was so challenging that most of the times i could not read because we could not afford to buy paraffin everyday. We could sleep in the dark. We were using a small torch to light up the house before we sleep. I remember there is a day when we had finished eating in the evening. The torch had gone off. The batteries ran out of power. I went inside the house to make my bed so that i can sleep. The whole room was dark. I went to the bed to remove the bedsheet. As soon as i touched the bedsheet, something bit my left hand. I screamed and ran out of the room to my mom. It was very painful. My mother asked me, \uc0{\u8220}what is it?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know, i was collecting the bedsheet and something bit my hand!\uc0{\u8221} I replied. My younger brother ran to the neighbor and borrowed a torch. My mum and my younger brother went inside the room. I heard my mum screaming, \uc0{\u8220}ohh my God!\uc0{\u8221}. I was lying on the floor. I then heard some beating on the mattress. Then my younger brother brought a big scorpion outside. They killed it on the bed. It had stung my hand. I was there in pain and feeling dizzy. I was feeling the poison flowing in my veins. My mum started crying for help. \uc0{\u8220}Help! Help! Help! Please help!\uc0{\u8221}. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The neighbors rushed, they tied my arm with a cloth and carried me to the security office outside the community. I was feeling the poison moving in my veins. The securities called the ambulance and i was rushed to the hospital. We reached to the hospital and i was attended to. The doctor told us that if they had not brought me on time, i could have lost my life. I smiled because I was still alive though in pain. They gave me two injections where the scorpion had stung my hand. I felt some relief and then they untied the cloth but my hand was still paining. It was hard for me to take shower because if the water just touched that hand. It pained a lot. I was admitted in the hospital for four days and then got discharged. The whole family was happy and i really thanked the neighbors for saving my life. In Kakuma refugee camp, there are many scorpions and spiders where many people have lost their lives because of the poison. This is because many do not get the chance of getting to the hospital on time. Most of the times the ambulance delays because we only have one ambulance helping patients in the entire camp. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember back in 2010, when i was in form 3.\uc0{\u160} I knew that education was the only weapon to help me change my life. Therefore, i decided to put more extra effort. I dedicated all my time to revise my books so that i can get good grades at the end of my final year. The only challenge i faced was lack of light to read at home. By good luck, we had a company called EDP which came to install solar panels in our school. They even installed bulbs in all the classes. This company came from Germany. They even distributed solar lantern lamps to girls in the school. This was such an amazing opportunity for me to read in order to attain my goals. As a class, we did a local arrangement of sleeping in school though it was a day school so that we can make good use of the light installed in the classes. Only boys were allowed to sleep in school and girls would use their solar lantern lamps to read at home. This is due to security reasons. I told my mama about it and she accepted and was happy about it. She even congratulated me for making such a sacrificial decision. I carried a mattress and went to sleep in school. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At night we could just put our mattress outside the classrooms and sleep. Then remove them in the morning and place them behind the classrooms. To make it worse we were only taking porridge in the morning. The porridge had no sugar in it. I used to take two cups of porridge so that it can sustain me from morning to evening. Then I go home at around 6:00 pm and have both lunch and supper at once. After I finished eating, I had to walk back to school at round 7:30 pm a distance of around 2km alone. It was risky but i had to take it. I was doing this every day for 2 years until finished my final year in high school. From Sunday to Sunday. I sacrificed myself so that I perform well and get good grades. This is because I come from a very poor family which can not pay for my university. Therefore, all I was targeting is scholarship from organizations here in the camp which can only offer scholarships to students who performed well. Imagine the insecurities i faced while walking from home to school at night. The fear and tension that i went through became part of my life. Regretfully, when exams came i fell sick. I sat for my final exams while i was sick. I was suffering from malaria and common cold. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t understand why it had to attack me during the exam time. I was so restless and stressful. I did not do my exams i expected and ended up not getting the grades i hoped for. This frustrated me a lot and shattered all my dreams that i had. All the hard work i had put and the sacrifices went in vain. }}\par
\sect
}