{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy13\hr09\min39\sec19}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy13\hr09\min39\sec19}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the visuals before her cleared up, Chido saw her self surrounded by a couple of people wearing maroon uniforms. Because she had watched many medical television series before, which were here favorite, she knew who these people were. Medics! This mearnt she had collapsed somewhere which required the people to call an ambulance. The young lady tried to replay the events of the past hour or day to recall what had happened to her as she no longer knew for how long she had been unconscious. She had brain fog. Nothing came to light. Chido then looked around her. She could not recognise any familiar face. The blue walls and a white ceiling surrounded her with the beeping sound of machines filling up the whole room. She started shivering. With the bucket not in sight it clicked in her mind that she had been lost in a trance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Arohwa nezvishiri,\uc0{\u8221}said one of her aunts as she walked into the the room crying to mean she had been beaten by spiritual birds.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}My brother\uc0{\u8217}s child, how are you?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Maiweeeeee, these people want to take you away from me,\uc0{\u8221} she cried as she held Chido\uc0{\u8217}s hand.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Chido was confused at what she was saying. At first she was surprised. Why had Tete Mavis followed her to the hospital. She always despised medical care saying that doctors would be busy trying to give people injections whilst witches are having a way with someone\uc0{\u8217}s life. She believed that all problems were as a result of some sort of witchcraft which required a traditional healer or prophet to solve. This, Chido thought, was as a result of some anxiety disorder due to events that had taken place in their family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her father and aunt had been born in a family with ten other siblings. They had lost a number of their siblings in suspicious circumstances. Uncle Chris had died after being hit by a kombi rear view mirror whilst trying to cross the road. Uncle Joseph had fallen at a bridge into the water and disappeared. He had been coming from a drink up session with friends. It had started raining just before they crossed the bridge from where they were coming from to go see his other brother Davison. Uncle Joseph\uc0{\u8217}s friends reported that they only realized that he was longer with them when they reached the other side. Search parties had tried to locate him in vain. He was later found stuck on some weeds down the river the following day but had already died. Tete Mavis\uc0{\u8217}s little sister, Easther, had her dress catch fire whilst playing. As she ran home, she kept on blazing up until a neighbor tore her dress off but had already been burnt. She did not survive much after that. These unfortunate events would take place almost exactly two years apart.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All these events had driven them to seek counsel with prophets. Initially they were told that there was an evil spirit moving in the family. The prophets would demand money for them to cast out the spirits. Tete Mavis\uc0{\u8217} family would contribute to raise money for the prophet. Though the prophet would claim that they had done something, they would still hear the same story of the spirits the next time they visit a prophetic church gathering. The family went up and down seeking counsel till they eventually found the explanation that they were looking for. It was their brother Davison. He had been using the spirit of a dead person to make his businesses flourish. In turn this ngozi had required the blood of a family member every two years to appease it. This fueled so much hatred but they had been warned not to confront him as this would be declaring a spiritual war against them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What happened to me aunty?\uc0{\u8221} Chido asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You fell my daughter whilst you were standing on the verandah and started producing froth from your mouth. You started seizing till you went quiet. At some point I even thought you were dead. Yohweee what was I going to do if you had left me.\uc0{\u8221} Tete Mavis kept on crying. \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s because we are fighting them so they want to destroy our children. I need to pray for you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}But Tete, isn\uc0{\u8217}t it the epilepsy that the doctors said I have? I have done this before.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No, my daughter. Trust me there is nothing like that. Why you and not other friends of yours then?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Chido did not know what to say. She knew she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t convince her aunt off this thought. She had tried it. She just opened her eyes and faced the war as her Aunt loudly said out a prayer for her.}}\par
\sect
}