{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy23\hr18\min30\sec04}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy23\hr18\min30\sec04}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After writing matric in 2018 Jeremy(not his really name) could not proceed for tertiary education as his passes did not warrant. His parents are both unemployed. The family eke out a living from social grants but it is not enough for a family of four.\uc0{\u160} With nothing to do the whole day for almost two years Jeremy walked into marriage.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Joyous days followed but it really was short lived. Jeremy had a new role, of course the role he will play the rest of life, being father of a family.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In 2020 Jeremy was hired by the Limpopo Department of Social Development(DSD) South Africa for a care worker job. \uc0{\u8220}Alas! I can now feed the family including my parents,\uc0{\u8221} said Jeremy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But an anonymous caller on 5 March 2021 notified the Limpopo Office of the Public Protector, South Africa of irregular appointments of the care workers\uc0{\u160} hired in 2020.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Public Protector(PP) Advocate Kholeka Gcaleka, in her report dated 29 December found 18 care workers to have been appointed irregularly and advised the Department of Social Development to take necessary steps for judicial review.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was lack of transparency in the recruitment processes as some applicants were not meeting the minimum requirements set on the advertisement and that relaxation of the posts requirements by the shortlisting panel during the shortlisting process is in contravention of some clauses of the Recruitment and Selection Process.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Advocate Gcaleka recommended the Head of the Department to take remedial action within 120 days of receiving the report. Remedial action was recommended for the interviewing panels, the deputy Director\uc0{\u160} of Human Resources and the Head of Department of the Limpopo Department of Social Development.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ndavhe Ramakuela, the Limpopo Provincial Government spokesperson told Goat media that the provincial government is in the process of implementing the necessary remedial actions within the stipulated 120 days.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Joshua Kwapa spokesperson of Limpopo DSD also said the department was in the process of implementing PP remedial action. \uc0{\u8220}The union has the right to request for bilateral engagement\uc0{\u160} with DSD which it shall dual grant,\uc0{\u8221} said Kwapa.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On 16 and 19 February 2024 the Limpopo Department of Social Development served 18 care workers with letters advising them to voluntarily resign. Unfortunately poor Jeremy was among the crew irregularly appointed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Ridiculous, this is very stressful. How come the department irregularly appointed us? From 2020 I have been the breadwinner of the family,\uc0{\u8217} said a dejected Jeremy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But the Public Servants Association(PSA) union representing some of the workers advised its members not to agree to voluntary resignation.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Though we appreciate\uc0{\u160} the PP report, the affected employees should not suffer prejudice because of the department\uc0{\u8217}s negligence, noting that they are not at fault as they simply applied for the advertised posts. We are calling the department to consider alternatives short of dismissal such as transferring affected employees into suitable vacant posts in the department or other departments,\uc0{\u8221} said John Teffo, PSA union provincial manager,\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}