{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy05\hr08\min00\sec12}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy05\hr08\min00\sec12}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am a young man from Thyolo, currently living in Cape Town, South Africa. I left my wife in the village when I moved here. I\uc0{\u8217}ve been working in Bobo since 2018, but according to Lomwe customs, when you have a child, you are required to build a house for your wife, which I did. In 2021, rumours started spreading that my wife was being unfaithful. I went back home to investigate, but the people who were supposed to testify denied knowing anything, so the marriage continued.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In 2023, I had plans to buy land and build a house, but my wife refused, saying she didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to leave her home. I ended up buying land close to my parents\uc0{\u8217} place. When my wife found out, she got angry and threatened that if I continued making decisions without consulting her, we would have a problem. Some relatives and brothers advised me to leave her and find someone else, but whenever I tell her that I feel we need some space, she threatens me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was recently fired from my job for reasons I don\uc0{\u8217}t understand. When I explain that I need help because I\uc0{\u8217}m not working, she doesn\uc0{\u8217}t listen. She just says, \uc0{\u8217}When you got married, you had a wife, so send your people to release me, and we\uc0{\u8217}ll part ways.\uc0{\u8217} I was shocked because I thought we were in love, and now, just because things are tough, she wants us to separate? Things got hard for me and I had to return to Malawi.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Three months ago, I met my ex, who I dated for two months before we broke up because she didn\uc0{\u8217}t want a relationship since she had a husband in Malawi. Now, we\uc0{\u8217}re living together, but she\uc0{\u8217}s pressuring me not to talk to the mother of my child. My girlfriend has promised to buy me a car because I\uc0{\u8217}m not working so that I can start a business and maybe things will improve. But my concern is that if I leave my wife in Malawi, she might believe in witchcraft, and I suspect she could be the reason I lost my job. I\uc0{\u8217}m just a confused human being now. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know whether I should go back to South Africa or stay here in Malawi.}}\par
\sect
}