{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy27\hr08\min52\sec48}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy27\hr08\min52\sec48}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Before my husband died in 2007, something happened that could break my marriage but I stood strong because I loved my husband. I have always known my husband as a faithful person to me until I discovered that he has a side chick. The side chick\uc0{\u8217}s name was Angella. When I heard about it, I did not take it serious because I never imagined my husband involving himself in such actions that would ruin our beautiful marriage.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember the time I went to pay a visit to my husband where he was working. I did not bother informing him about me showing because I wanted to surprise him. When I reached in his office, I noticed some fishy behaviour going on when I found my husband together with Angella. They acted as if they did not want anyone to interrupt them. I started believing the rumours after seeing how they acted after reaching in my husband\uc0{\u8217}s office. In my mind, I was like I cannot allow some girl to get my man yet I am MG1, the first lady in the house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I did not act in a bad way, I just told my husband that I came to greet him and give him lunch because most of the times, he does not come home due to busy schedules that he always had. Before I left, I told my husband that I was going back home but I wanted us to talk in a good tone of voice. I then left and Angella was still in my husband\uc0{\u8217}s office. Honestly, my heart was not at ease after seeing the reaction of the two of them in the office but I had no choice and behave a grown-up woman with children.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At home, I could not shake off the feeling that something was off. My mind raced with questions about my husband\uc0{\u8217}s actions and Angella\uc0{\u8217}s presence in his office. It was hard to focus on daily tasks with this uncertainty hanging over me. I had to keep it together for the sake of our children. I decided to confront my husband about Angella in a calm manner when he arrived home. Inside, I felt a mix of emotions of anger, betrayal, and sadness. But I knew yelling or causing a scene would not fix things. I wanted to understand what was happening without adding more drama to the situation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Days went by, and I noticed a shift in my husband\uc0{\u8217}s behaviour. He seemed more distant, and our conversations felt strained. I knew we needed to address what happened, but finding the right time and approach was challenging. I did not want to make things worse or push him away. Eventually, we sat down to talk again. It was a tough conversation, filled with tears and uncomfortable silences. My husband admitted to his mistake, expressing regret and asking for forgiveness. He assured me that it was a mistake he deeply regretted and promised to cut ties with Angella. It was a turning point and a chance for us to rebuild trust and work through the pain.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Though the wounds were fresh, I chose to forgive and move forward. Rebuilding our marriage was not easy, but our love and commitment were worth fighting for. It took time, patience, and open communication to mend what was broken. Gradually, we regained the trust and closeness we once had, making our marriage even stronger than before. I am happy that the side chick did not win my husband\uc0{\u8217}s heart and I am proud of how I handled the matter between us.}}\par
\sect
}