{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy29\hr10\min21\sec52}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy29\hr10\min21\sec52}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The sun was blazing hot up in the sky, its rays relentless as they hit down upon the earth. The clouds that once gathered in the winter disappeared with no trace leaving us to endure the heat of September in Mbalu village, nested in the east of Africa. The village was so small staying there for a month acquainted you with every soul there. I always found it too mundane, there was so little to do, endless cycle where monotony reigned supreme.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I approached my twentieth birthday, I craved some adventure, something thrilling and fun, much like those in action movies. I could yearn for such thrilling adventures \uc0{\u8211} movies aren\uc0{\u8217}t real life, they\uc0{\u8217}d say. But at twenty, with my life stretching out before me, I longed for the excitement.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was raised by my grandmother, she took care of me ever since my parents died, her words still linger in my mind it becomes a cherished melody. She would tell me every night before bed, \uc0{\u8221}Amani be peaceful with your peers as your name suggests,\uc0{\u8221} she would remind me. I remembered the simple old days, days untouched by the weight of the world.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I longed for adventure, but little did I know that these very wishes could hunt me, that my words would come to bite me, Naive and blinded by the allure of movie fantasies, I did not foresee the shadows lurking in my desires.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One Saturday afternoon, the sky was populated with a rare cloak of heavy clouds, an anomaly in the summer sky, being bored of idle hours, An idea came to my mind, I decided to explore the edges of the wildlife reserve, just a few miles away from my village, the place had lots of animals, with big long trees the place was a sight for sore eyes, people were never allowed to go inside because it was protected by the government and they had forest rangers close to chance and fight off poachers that would kill the animals and sell their parts for millions on the Black market.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I walked, at a distance I saw what seemed like a truck with four dark figures whispering and carrying things, despite a fleeting sense of terror, I brushed aside my fears, rationalizing their presence as innocent.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 How I wish I had gone back, the few steps I took changed the course of my life, As I approached the car, I froze at the sight that caught my eyes, the men armed to the teeth and carrying what seemed to be ivory trophies of slaughtered beasts. As I gazed further I saw a person whose face was covered with a black cloth hand whose hands were tied with the legs, I recognized the uniform the person was wearing it was one of the forest rangers who worked in the forest reserve bound and helpless.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Panic erupted within me as I turned to flee, and the four dark figures started chasing me, It was not long till they caught up to me, I tried running in zigzag to throw them off but they were persistent I tried screaming but my voice was lost in the deafening silence of the forest and no one would hear me. Before I could think of anything, I heard a bang and something hit me at the back of my head followed by total darkness engulfing my senses.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Woken up by large banging sounds, I could not move, my hands were tied up so tight the blood supply to my fingers was cut off, rendering them numb and useless, I tried to look around as panic surged through me as I failed to make sense of my surroundings in the pitch black darkness; it felt like I woke up thrust into the depths of the abyss, \uc0{\u8221}Is this hell\uc0{\u8221}, I thought to myself, was this the place devoid of light and hope. the thought clawed at the edges of my mind, consuming me slowly. My heart hammered against my chest, desperate for an escape. Through the silence, I could hear faint sounds like the distant echo of forgotten souls. Raindrops fell softly above, and questions roamed in my mind, where was I? How did I get here? fear consumed me inside, threatening to engulf me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As moments prolonged into eternity, the darkness pressing down on me suffocated me, and finding it hard to breathe every breath I took got me closer to my last, desperation gave me some strength as I struggled to free myself from the bonds that held me captive. with each failed attempt, the weight of my confinement pressed me down even harder, threatening to crush my spirit. when despair threatened to devour me, a whisper left my lips, barely audible above the pounding of my heart.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Help me\uc0{\u8230}.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\sect
}