{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy23\hr19\min31\sec25}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy23\hr19\min31\sec25}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Many folks in my neighborhood wonder why I am still single at my age. It is unusual for a girl to be single at the age of thirty in my culture. The average age of first marriage for girls is 18, while the average age of last marriage is at least 26. I\uc0{\u8217}ve gone through all of that, but I\uc0{\u8217}m still not married, and I\uc0{\u8217}m not even engaged. Many people, including my young sister who is now married, were shocked by this. Many people believe that I might be ill or that I might not be normal. Since I am confident in who I am and trust in my dreams rather than what other people think of me, this does not frighten me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I\uc0{\u8217}ve spent my entire life concentrating on my personal growth. I just ever consider my career and my education. Relationships, in my opinion, are fatal to my achievement. I grew up in a village where women were dependent on men to exist. When I was a kid, I used to find this annoying and I committed to acting in a different way. I\uc0{\u8217}ve always aspired to be a self-sufficient woman who can handle anything. Because I think that if a girl gets involved in a relationship, it would ultimately prevent her from obtaining what she wants, I made the decision to concentrate on my studies and stay away from men in order to pay for this. Therefore, if a man tried to propose to me, I would decline.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My family wanted to arrange for me to get married when I graduated from high school, but I refused. I informed them that I was not yet prepared for marriage and that I would pick my future spouse once I was. I would never allow somebody to choose out a lifelong spouse for me. Since the man who wanted to marry me offered a sizable sum of money as dowry, my parents were disappointed in me. I reached 30 last year, but before getting married, I want to get my master\uc0{\u8217}s degree. I don\uc0{\u8217}t believe I will be prepared for marriage until I accomplish that.}}\par
\sect
}