{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy19\hr20\min08\sec40}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy19\hr20\min08\sec40}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Do you know how fun it is watching the art of making a rounded flour into a nice circled piece of snack? Am always smiling when am waiting for the fryer while she is showing me her talent for frying one. Turning and squeezing the snack all over the table it looks like she is playing with my food but no, that\uc0{\u8217}s how it works. This is something that I can never get bored watching when am in my area. Placing the snack on the pan to be heated is something that happens so fast. When I see my snack on the pan another blink, I see it on the table waiting for me. This is just the fun of watching her doing her amazing work of producing such an amazing meal. I bet you can feel fine just like I always do when am watching this art which makes my stomach smile when am having the first taste of the snack. The first taste of this magnificent snack makes me close my eyes always so that I can feel the taste from deep, deep inside my feelings. As its aroma always makes my smelling machines not work as they always do. The aroma it is having I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what I can call it but I think there is some portion in it. Whenever it reaches 17:00 I see the chefs from the town getting prepared to produce some magnificent snack for the whole town. Anywhere I go I always find you there. Street walking during this time became more fun and awesome because of this chef\uc0{\u8217}s company. Even though I don\uc0{\u8217}t have cash for the snack but still more the aroma it is having can satisfy me sometimes when am stranded. Sometimes I could think that you are the one who follows me but now I realize that am the one who does that. I find you on every corner of my town\uc0{\u8217}s street. I feel like I have nowhere to run just because it is obvious, I will meet you there. \uc0{\u160}Do you know another thing I like about this snack which is found on every street corner of my town? Am not alone who is in love with this snack which is found on every street corner of the town. Any type of person in my town likes the way the snack taste. Our fathers, mothers, brothers, sisters, and kids, of them at the end of the day find themselves watching the art of preparing their favorite snack on the street corners of our town. This is the other best part of this snack; I am very proud of you men! All the time when I see you, I feel connected to a lot of things. Sometimes I remember my lovely mother preparing some for the family to have fun with some snacks after a night meal. She could also prepare some snacks with an African baked cake without yeast for the breakfast. Sometimes I remember my then-lover bringing a few snacks she has just made with her little sister Neema for me and my fellow fellas. Am having a lot of strong memories which I have made with this snack which is found on every street corner of my town. \uc0{\u160}Even when am having a visitor from another town you are the first choice I have when am willing to show the visitor how we taste in our town. How the snack taste shows people from other cities the real taste of us here. Saying for real I give you much respect and love you very much Chapatti you are the snack that has been part of my life ever since.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}