{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy28\hr13\min17\sec13}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy28\hr13\min17\sec13}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Erica was one of those ambitious but perennially broke city girls. She went to private school, passed her final exams reasonably well, and unlike her peers, her life went nowhere.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her high school friends were all professionals: auditors, teachers, attorneys, dentists abroad in wealthy countries (Australia, Canada,Dubai, Sweden).}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Erica had obtained better marks than them in high school and went on to study sports science in university. However, her career as an aerobics coach in Lusaka, the capital of Zambia went nowhere. Corporates, churches and high schools who hired aerobics trainers always chose junior trainers, those whose experience and expertise was vastly inferior to that one of Erica. Erica was so broke that she missed her $150 monthly rent for three months in a row. In contrast, her high school peers were flourishing, buying homes abroad, flying to Lusaka for holiday (where they would entice Erica with sumptuous restaurant meals), and starting families.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Table 14,\uc0{\u8221} an elderly lady explained to Erica why her life was stuck and she was riding overcrowded public minibuses to work at a time her peers were all driving the latest Volvos and EV BMWs abroad.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Erica needed to spray her body with snuff, smokeless tobacco and bath with water laced with snuff. \uc0{\u8220}Snuff will take away all your misfortunes,\uc0{\u8221} the old lady told Erica.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I can\uc0{\u8217}t believe it; all these years I have watched my peers get ahead in life,\uc0{\u8221} Erica said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s a matter of time. Snuff will wash off your bad luck. The ancestors sometimes demand you bath in it before they release their blessings,\uc0{\u8221} said the old lady.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Erica hugged her wallet tightly and motioned the minibus driver to stop. She dropped off at Rezende Market and made a dash for Table 14.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There were a row of twelve tables, all with traders who were selling snuff, but the old lady had given Erica special instructions: buy snuff only at Table 14.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We expected you,\uc0{\u8221} Pai, the snuff trader and owner of Table 14 told Erica as soon as she was handed a bundle of Kwacha notes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, Table 14 only, I was told,\uc0{\u8221} smiled Erica.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re in the right place. Every month you must come to buy only here at Table 14,\uc0{\u8221} Pai reminded her. \uc0{\u8220}The snuff won\uc0{\u8217}t end your bad luck if you buy it elsewhere\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Erica went home and for two weeks she would mix liquid soap with powdered snuff in the bathroom. She sang, whistled and recited a few words to her ancestors each time she finished bathing with snuff. Her favorite sign-off prayers to the ancestors went like this: }{\cf0\f0\i You, the warthogs, lion of Tote, and other seniors in the spirit, it\uc0{\u8217}s me your grandchild, Erica, are you not ashamed that at 40, I\uc0{\u8217}m still unmarried, penniless when the kids of others have build empires?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Erica\uc0{\u8217}s fortunes began to change quickly. Shoprite, the biggest supermarket chain in Lusaka, hired her permanently to lead the weekend aerobics sessions for their workforce. Gyms, churches, hospitals in Lusaka were flooding her with phone calls wanting to book her for aerobics sessions. Her bank account was bulging with money. Whenever, she ventured to the pubs to have a regular drink after work, strangers patrons would remark about her pretty face and \uc0{\u8216}bless her\uc0{\u8217}. One, middle aged man, a manager at the biggest municipal hospital in the city, he told her, was so fixed by what he said was Erica\uc0{\u8217}s attractive body. He didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to date her because he was married, he said. Hes simply opened his wallet and handed her $800 and a flight voucher ticket so that, if she wished, she can fly to Cape Town and spoil herself at any seaside resort she desired. If it was not aerobics jobs bookings, it was men, strangers, gifting Erica with money, Euros, dollars, Yuans in pubs. And they rarely asked to date her or sleep with her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s obvious, the snuff is working,\uc0{\u8221} Pai told Erica in December when they met at her market stall.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}For six months, I bath with it daily,\uc0{\u8221} bragged Erica.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now was the time for the special birthday party, said Pai to Erica. Pai had created a WhatsApp group and added Erica to it without her consent. It would be Pai\uc0{\u8217}s special birthday party and it was an all-ladies affair with no man wanted. The venue would be Pai\uc0{\u8217}s home, and the dress code would be told to attendants when they arrived at the venue on Sunday. Erica was not a party girl but felt shy to turn down Pai\uc0{\u8217}s birthday invite.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When she arrived, wearing a long silk dress, she was ushered into a flower garden by Pai\uc0{\u8217}s house help. The house was beaming with twenty ladies of all ages ranging from 30 to 65. Erica was ordered to change from her long dress into a bikini and bra. She was confused but was quickly told it\uc0{\u8217}s an all-white ladies party and the dress code would be strictly be white}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 into Pai\uc0{\u8217}s living room where the party was already at full throttle. Erica was horrified to see the old lady who recommended her to Table 14 in white bikini, lacy bra and nothing else.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}So you and Pai knew each other?\uc0{\u8221} she said, batting away a glassful of Moet champagne.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Look who we got?\uc0{\u8221} the old lady laughed her off, turning to Pai, before grabbing Erica by the bums.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The doors were locked and the house was full of drinks, music, a bowl of snuff tobacco and uncooked meats. Erica was finally told of the riddle. By buying and bathing in snuff from Table 14, she had joined a Cult 14, Lusaka city\uc0{\u8217}s collection of lady witches that used magic snuff tobacco as a ritual to attract men, money and fame. \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re part of us, the moment you bought out snuff and bathed with it,\uc0{\u8221} Pai told her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}But I never signed to this,\uc0{\u8221} protested Erica wanting to break out of the door.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}If you ever again scream or make a dash for the door, you\uc0{\u8217}ll be walk past that flower bed,\uc0{\u8221} Pai told her. \uc0{\u8220}You thought\uc0{\u160} money, good life simply sprang out of snuff tobacco bath?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re holding me hostage?\uc0{\u8221} asked Erica.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No,\uc0{\u8221} said Pai. She told her the cult\uc0{\u8217}s golden rule. Because Erica was the newest member of the group, it was her turn to use snuff powder, spray it in her mother\uc0{\u8217}s porridge, and kill her as a ritual.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Everyone in the room has done that before. We are all motherless now, and now is your turn,\uc0{\u8221} Pai demanded of a sobbing Erica.}}\par
\sect
}