{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy11\hr07\min42\sec15}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy11\hr07\min42\sec15}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She is dead, but I can see her as if she had resurrected before my eyes. I see her, her memories, her moments of happiness, her gestures, all caught in finite, fixed moments. A dead person is alive before my eyes. She emerges in fragments.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 How many such lonely apparitions continue their encrypted, pixelated existence in digital space until they\uc0{\u8217}re deactivated? What a word. My mouth tastes of silicon and lead pronouncing it. One\uc0{\u8217}s finite existence becomes deactivated. One\uc0{\u8217}s personal data is removed from the world of binary digits, the dazzling and infinite repetition of zeroes and ones: memories wiped out forever.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There\uc0{\u8217}s so much of her here.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a meadow, the video unwinds. She has\uc0{\u8212}what is it, let me rewind it\uc0{\u8212}a daisy behind her right ear. Who\uc0{\u8217}s capturing this moment? Her sister, I can hear her silvery voice. A daisy behind her right ear, she spins in a basic white crop top and a taupe high-waist pleated skirt, barefoot and weightless, like a pagan celebrating the time of harvest. Just above the canopy of a dense forest, a dipping crimson globe limelights her idyllic verdant stage. She spins and smiles, spins and smiles to the point of dizziness, barefoot and weightless, carrying her years spent dancing ballet in every little step. Her chestnut hair follows her movements, always trailing like a comet\uc0{\u8217}s tail. The camera comes closer, near her face. She\uc0{\u8217}s all smiles. She emits an innocent chuckle of joy. In motion still, the video ends mid-chuckle and plays the scene all over.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 June 21st, 2023. Less than a month before she left us, she was celebrating the solstice. I press the like button; I read the comments, her responses. A teardrop lands on my keyboard. My jaw twitches against my will. Less than a month before she left us, she was celebrating the solstice. She was only 28.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Pictures and videos from their inception, the moment the flash blinds us, already carry their future reference to death, to the instant when their content would represent that which has existed, something that has been. Social media, then, is but a secular requiem we deliver in advance to ourselves, grieving our fragility. Yet even these attempts are destined to disappear without a trace, even if there\uc0{\u8217}s potential to store and preserve all that has been recorded and captured. Death devours any attempt at immortality, analog or digital; we are all death\uc0{\u8217}s accomplices in providing it the content to gobble up when the right time comes.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have a strange need to scroll all the way down to her first posts, begin her journey\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 all over, and think where I was in those moments and sometimes find myself captured next to her celebrating life together. We were so close. Best friends.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Various pictures from more than a decade ago at the very bottom of her Instagram profile represent the beginnings of her digital presence. Clashing with today\uc0{\u8217}s aesthetics and depicting the early novitiate\uc0{\u8217}s attempts to use filters, they expose her nascent flings with identity creation. Oversaturated, at places unfocused and lacking today\uc0{\u8217}s quality, the pictures echo our formative years together, our first parties and crushes and adventures we wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t dare to embark on today.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Not far from the bottom I discover a picture I took of her a day before we hitchhiked from Vilnius to Palanga. She\uc0{\u8217}s sitting on the bed, packing her backpack, while simultaneously facing the camera I\uc0{\u8217}m pointing at her. Her fiery brown eyes gaze at the camera beneath her iconic fringe. The look expresses her whimsical personality peculiar to those days, always seemingly on the verge of eruption\uc0{\u8212}something she has gradually lost, becoming more mellow and even reserved in years of maturity.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her lean body hardly looks healthy. We\uc0{\u8217}d have days when all we\uc0{\u8217}d put in our mouths were rice crackers and latte. She wears a black leather choker chain with a black stone in the middle, a present from her first love, who bought it for their one year anniversary. She never quite got over the fact that he, Laimis, cheated on her. No stranger would know that her profile at some point had amassed extensive documentation of their time together. No sign of Laimis or their relationship remained today, apart from the last traces clinging to objects like this choker chain.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Does he know? Is he perhaps in this same digital space resuscitating memories just like I am, trying to find a trail of his ghostly digital ashes and secure the idea that he remained within her mind throughout the years? I knew well he regretted what he had done, being the mediator between the two when the reason for his escapades became public knowledge. I find his Instagram and want to send him a DM. A convoluted sentence appears on my screen. I\uc0{\u8217}m about to press Send, but something intangible stands in my way. I return to her profile and scroll up starting from the bottom.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her phase noir. The time we discovered Godard and Fassbinder and learned to love red wine. Every third picture of her with that black wide-brim hat I thought distasteful and kitsch. Perhaps I could have been more indulgent in her explorations then.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A tear drops on my keyboard.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The notion of death in all these images haunts me.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But how much can I preserve her? How vast of a vessel is my memory? She\uc0{\u8217}s slipping through my fingers. What if her loved ones are about to deactivate her profile and leave no trace of her behind?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I begin saving all of her pictures and videos. I try to devise a method but face too many limitations. I settle with screenshots. Apprehensive and wary of the idea that she might disappear any moment, I forgo saving each one and decide to pick out pictures where I play a part as a photographer or appear in it myself.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But then I stop.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I return where I began, that video of her dancing, spinning and smiling, barefoot and weightless in a lush meadow illuminated by the sinking crimson globe above the canopy of a dense forest. I replay the video over and over again. Instagram repeats it for me. I just sit and watch. Less than a month before she left us, she was celebrating the solstice.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My jaw twitches. I wrap my hands around myself and press hard.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kristupas enters into the study.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Why do you sit in this gloom?\uc0{\u8221} Kristupas asks.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Because in the dark you don\uc0{\u8217}t spoil the film,\uc0{\u8221} I answer.}}\par
\sect
}