{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy06\hr19\min47\sec46}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy06\hr19\min47\sec46}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What is a soulmate?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i A soulmate is\uc0{\u160}}{\cf0\f0\b\i a person with whom one has a feeling of deep or natural affinity}{\cf0\f0\i . This may involve similarity, love, romance, platonic relationships, comfort, intimacy, sexuality, spirituality, compatibility and trust.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This got me thinking.Do all humans have a soulmate?What if i never find that person who will make me feel this feeling?The feeling of having a person supporting you without a second thought or doupt.Someone who will not give up on you in difficult times.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i What am I going to do?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Maybe I\uc0{\u8217}ll drown in loneliness and never being able to feel this unique emotion.Not being able to find my soulmate.Searching all my life for the person who will make me feel like home, and not being able to find them\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i What if I found them and I dont know?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is possible that you may have found him. He may be someone you do not expect and when he is revealed to you,you will be stunned. You will not believe it. You will deny it. \uc0{\u8221}It can\uc0{\u8217}t be them,but it\uc0{\u8217}s them.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the end\uc0{\u8230}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s not important whether soulmates are real or not. What really matters is whether you believe soulmates are real. Your beliefs create your world.If you believe that soulmates are real, that will affect how you go about looking for love, building relationships and more.You dont have to worry about finding them or not.But I believe that somewhere-everywhere is someone lookind for you, thinking of you and they want to be with you. And when you\uc0{\u8217}re gonna find them, you\uc0{\u8217}ll be the happiest person and this is where the adventure begins\uc0{\u8230}!}\par
{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}