{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy19\hr13\min50\sec25}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy19\hr13\min50\sec25}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have become deeply disappointed in Natali to the point that I don\uc0{\u8217}t think I\uc0{\u8217}ll ever pay Lobola for any woman. One day, while I was in Lilongwe, I got on a bus and ended up sitting next to a very big woman. Trying to be polite, I greeted her with a simple \uc0{\u8221}hi.\uc0{\u8221} She responded in kind, and we hit up a conversation. She began telling me about her life, mentioning that she was 30 years old and searching for the perfect man. I was curious about what she meant by \uc0{\u8220}the perfect man,\uc0{\u8221} so I asked her to elaborate.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She confidently listed her criteria. First, the man had to be taller than her. Then, he needed to have a high-paying job, earning at least six figures, so that they could afford to take vacations out of Malawi whenever they pleased. Most importantly, he had to have his \uc0{\u8221}life together.\uc0{\u8221} As I listened to her, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help but wonder if she had thought through what she was asking for.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I took a moment to look at her. She was in all honesty, quite overweight, and her appearance wasn\uc0{\u8217}t exactly outstanding. So, I frankly asked her, \uc0{\u8220}Do you realize that the type of man you\uc0{\u8217}re describing might not even want you?\uc0{\u8221} Her response shocked me. She replied, \uc0{\u8220}Why wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t he? I am a queen.\uc0{\u8221} I was genuinely lost. \uc0{\u8220}A queen? Where is your value?\uc0{\u8221} I asked, referring not just to her physical appearance but also to the fact that she still lived with her mother. To me, her expectations didn\uc0{\u8217}t seem to match her reality. But she insisted, \uc0{\u8220}I am a queen.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}A queen of what kingdom?\uc0{\u8221} I asked. My words clearly angered her. She shot back, \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re just like all these backward African men\uc0{\u8221} Her words caught me off guard, but it was at that moment I realized something profound that she was driven by greediness. I told her that she was blinded by her desire for riches. She want things she don\uc0{\u8217}t deserve. She is under the impression that she deserve the very best in life without putting in any effort. Unfortunately, she seem to chase after the men at the top, the men with wealth and status, while completely ignoring the so called average men.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I think that your obsession with material wealth and big dreams in my opinion, your downfall for you, I said to her. I continued to say to her that, it is not a surprise to me that many of you struggle to move forward in life instead, you focus so much on what you can get from a man, rather than on building something together with someone who is on your level. After saying this, I reached to my destination in area 18 depot and had to get out of the bus. I did not bother taking her number since her first impression to me disappointed me.}}\par
\sect
}