{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy02\hr15\min01\sec34}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy02\hr15\min01\sec34}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Early this year, social media has been awash by the controversy on the Nile and Jonglei Canal dredging. The issue has captured public attention following the government\uc0{\u8217}s initiative to dig through the Nile and the Canal to remove some grasses and silt in an attempt to control flooding.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the Public was divided against the Jonglei Canal dredging and seems to be in unison to keep the project squarely to the Nile River. The contradiction surrounding the Jonglei Canal goes back to 1907 when the Egyptian authority proposed the idea to divert water from the Sudd wetlands to increase the water flow\uc0{\u160}downstream to Sudan and Egypt for the purpose not limited to irrigationfarming and the project commenced in 1978.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The 1978 Jonglei Canal excavation started at a strategic point very close to Bor County, the capital city of Jonglei State, and the canal runs stretch through Duk and Ayod County right to Khorflous and meets the Nile at Kaldak, a few miles from Malakal-the capital town of Upper Nile State.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Because the proposed idea was not comprehensive and was not in the interest of Southern Sudanese who were waging a war of liberation for self-autonomy, the Jonglei Canal excavation was aborted by the Sudanese People Liberation Army (the liberation army that later led South Sudan into independence in 2011) in 1983 when it was almost reaching the Nile river at Kaldak.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The project halted when the gigantic German-built excavation machine was destroyed.This year, the project was ignited when the flood became a great concern to the whole country andone of its purposes was later considered to control water to ease the flooding but the general publicdoesn\uc0{\u8217}t see it happening because they fear that their fishing system will collapse, the undergroundwater level will decrease and grassland land will dry up hence, throwing the country again intodrought.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Climate-driven flooding has been a real case of concern as a large portion of the population has been displaced while food insecurity and intercommunal conflicts are rising among pastoralist, nomadic, and peasant communities over the vanishing agricultural land.}}\par
\sect
}