{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr12\min09\sec51}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr12\min09\sec51}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Once upon a time in the Dzaleka refugee camp, a couple married and everyone enjoyed the ceremony, which took place in one of our best halls here in Dzaleka, the wife was called Kabibi and the husband was called Kabwana, and after the marriage, they enjoyed life with a good relationship marked by love. Unfortunately, a misunderstanding will push their love in the wrong route.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kabwana, the husband, was blessed with a nice position at a manufacturing firm, and he relocated because the company was operated in another city called Lilongwe at the time; the husband received high pay, and the future promised to be better than previously. Kabibi, the wife, was jobless and stayed at home doing housework. After a year, they had their first child, Kadogo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kabibi, on the other hand, began suggesting to Kabwana the voyage of going to visit his parents, stating that it had been a long time since they had been together and she missed them. The couple\uc0{\u8217}s misunderstanding began when Kabwana told Kabibi that they have to leave during the holiday season. Miscommunication began in this family, which was not the wife\uc0{\u8217}s thought, and days passed without a solid relationship.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a lengthy period of silence in the house with no one conversing in a good attitude to each other, Kabwana decided to provide Kabibi access, allowing them to go to visit the parents, and they resume their normal lives with peace in the family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They went to the hospital to get a medical check-up while arranging the vacation, and she was in good health, so they started the trip right away without stopping at home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kabibi and Kadogo, his son, have begun the journey to see their parents in Tanzania, where they might like being with their family once more. Kabibi became ill there and was sent to the hospital for treatment. After medical tests, they discovered that she was pregnant, despite the fact that she had previously tested negative in Malawi. \uc0{\u8221}How can this be positive when I tested negative before moving in, and Kabibi stated that he did not have any sexual relations with anyone other than my husband?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However, the woman was in difficulties and didn\uc0{\u8217}t know where to begin informing her husband, so they returned from their journey after a month. Kabibi began talking to Kabwana about how they walked and how she had tested positive for pregnancy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In general, the husband stated that he is not responsible for the pregnancy, which created a debate, and the atmosphere in the home deteriorated as a result of the couple\uc0{\u8217}s refusal to believe each other. The child was born in an unfavorable environment, and he was not welcomed into the family. The attitude deteriorated until the last separation decision.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They separate before returning to do the DNA test; following the test, they find it was Kabwana\uc0{\u8217}s child. Kabibi the wife of Kabwana has never trusted the majority of hospitals when it comes to diagnostics since that day.}}\par
\sect
}