{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy07\hr09\min44\sec40}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy07\hr09\min44\sec40}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is an amazing thing to see people who started from scratch making it in life. I am always inspired by those kinds of testimonies. Tangishane is a man that every refugee in Dzaleka refugee camp look up to when it comes to business. In 2001, he arrived in the Dzaleka refugee camp after leaving the Mtabira refugee camp in Tanzania. He left Tanzania because of insecurities that were among the refugees during that time. His neighbor charmed his older daughter and she ended up dying. He saw that it was not safe for him to stay in such a place otherwise he would loose other children as well.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He had a friend who knew about Dzaleka refugee camp. That friend advised him to go to Malawi since it would be safe for him and his family. Tangishane did not disagree with the idea because all he wanted was to be in a place where his children would grow well without being harmed. In the middle of the year 2001, he started a journey of going to Dzaleka refugee camp, Malawi. When he arrived in Dzaleka, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees received him together with his family and he got registered like the way other refugees do when they arrive.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Life was not easy in Dzaleka. However, Tangishane is a man of business mindset and through his ideas, he started selling cooking charcoal with the little capital he had. Little by little, the business started growing to the extent that he added some more products such as paraffin and cement. Besides him having the business mindset, he also had a wife who does not choose a work to do. Whatever she was told by her husband, she could do it. This made them to become like a team with the same goal of making it through in life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After five years, Tingishane bought his first car. This made his business easy since he could use the same vehicle to go in the capital city to order the goods himself. The business boomed to the extent that he bought other two vehicles that would help him transport product to different places across the Dowa district. As of now, he owns the Airtel money branches that people use to send and receive money in Dzaleka refugee camp and some places that surrounds the camp. Tingishane\uc0{\u8217}s hard work paid him off and I am really inspired to become a successful business person one day.}}\par
\sect
}