{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy10\hr17\min14\sec09}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy10\hr17\min14\sec09}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Red Book: chapter 2}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Welcome to land of words, where all meanings and concepts create. Let\uc0{\u8217}s see what we have here. Our sky is high above with black theme and around it we can see some magenta and purple clouds, behind all this colorful clouds we can see a super Brown moon. What you see is a new word come to language just now. Hey Stupidity come here, we have a new one.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: Hi sir. Let me introduce myself to it. My name is Stupidity. My mother is Braveness and my father is madness. What\uc0{\u8217}s your name rookie?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 -Minabamun. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what it is meaning.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: none of us know at first. You have to discover it. As people say your name you\uc0{\u8217}re alive, but if you couldn\uc0{\u8217}t find your meaning and your use in people\uc0{\u8217}s conversations you will die.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: how can I identify myself? I\uc0{\u8217}m just came into this world by now. How much time do I have?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: oh it\uc0{\u8217}s easy. Take your time. Some words find it easily and some of us wandering for a while. Just don\uc0{\u8217}t be upset. Tell me who are your parents? It can help.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I think my mother is Being. And my father name is Still or maybe Remaining.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: oh poor kid. You\uc0{\u8217}re a little shy bastard. Don\uc0{\u8217}t look at me like that, there\uc0{\u8217}s a lot of bastards and orphans like you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: who\uc0{\u8217}s bastard? What\uc0{\u8217}s it meaning?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: how stupid I am. You don\uc0{\u8217}t know such things yet. Look kiddo, there is a yellow book in every words heart, named Dakhu. It know every words meaning. Whenever you want to know a words identify, every word just ask Dakhu. Try it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Minabamun closed its eyes. wrickled its face and got all its letters steady for a few moments. Then it\uc0{\u8217}s open its eyes and cried for half an hour. While it\uc0{\u8217}s crying stupidity ask it \uc0{\u8220}why are you crying\uc0{\u8221} for thousand times. After all Minabamun says \uc0{\u8221}it hurts to know all these words meaning.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: do you ask anything about me?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: uhum.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: so you just know who really I am.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Yes and it\uc0{\u8217}s still hurts.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: why?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: because it doesn\uc0{\u8217}t know who am I and you\uc0{\u8217}re just stupidity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: I have a twin named na\uc0{\u239}ve, if it was here it doesn\uc0{\u8217}t be upset for what you say, but not me. So I gotta go. See you later.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: no no no no no no no sorry don\uc0{\u8217}t go. I need you. I owe you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: you learn so much things from Dakhu. So what now?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what am i supposed to do now?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: it\uc0{\u8217}s so easy kiddo, you just need to find yourself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I\uc0{\u8217}m so confused.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: The anatomy of a word is basically different from a human but it doesn\uc0{\u8217}t matter how I describe, you won\uc0{\u8217}t get it. You have no idea. You can imagine that stupidity put it hand on Minabamuns shoulder and told it \uc0{\u8221}Let me tell you something. You know what is confusion, the life story of word wandering. It was looking after its meaning thousand years and it\uc0{\u8217}s became wandering. You know what, it\uc0{\u8217}s still wandering\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: it\uc0{\u8217}s horrible.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: it\uc0{\u8217}s destiny.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: but I don\uc0{\u8217}t want it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: At that moment a great pink comet appeared in the sky, that comet was big enough to light all around and attracted every word.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: what was that?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: oh, probably the last user of a language died just now. That light was a whole language go to be silenced forever after.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: Got it. But actually I want to know what was that one was talking about how you touched my arms?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Don\uc0{\u8217}t be surprised Stupidity. It\uc0{\u8217}s just a kid.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: how can I be not surprised your Highness?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: I told you, it just a kid and it\uc0{\u8217}s not first time I see such things. Hey Minabamun, I\uc0{\u8217}m Description. Lots of words served me. You\uc0{\u8217}re looking at me with fear and wonder please be careful and don\uc0{\u8217}t mess up. You have to find your meaning as stupidity told you. Then you can work with us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: your destiny is unchangeable some words can change the others meaning but isn\uc0{\u8217}t it destiny? It\uc0{\u8217}s all about guy up there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: who\uc0{\u8217}s this guy?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: The Red Book. ain\uc0{\u8217}t you see all this red lights. He is ruler of our world. He is ruler of our destiny too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: both of them were looking up. Don\uc0{\u8217}t look at me, look up into sky.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: AAAA. Is it possible for me to take him down? I like this concept to be my identify.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: oh it\uc0{\u8217}s so easy. You can summon concept of concepts and ask it?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: how? Why you don\uc0{\u8217}t say it earlier?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: everybody knows it. We\uc0{\u8217}re word and we can summon each other. Specially Concept, just say Green book.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: why are you whispering that two last words?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: because the guy up there make it illegal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun:why?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: well ask himself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: the word Concept, former Lord of words, King of meanings appeared in a green and red halo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Green book: hey Stu. Hey D. how you doing guys? Why are you summoned me?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: actually I need your help.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Green book: oh you\uc0{\u8217}re new. Who are you?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I am Minabamun. I want to know could I take down the Red book. Could it be my destiny?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Green book: I don\uc0{\u8217}t think so Mina. Revolution tried to do this, but she failed. After some little victory, she got married to failure and she sentenced to eat her own child for all eternity. She gave birth to hope then she\uc0{\u8217}ll have to eat it and then give birth to disappointment. Again and again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: so what\uc0{\u8217}s my destiny?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Greenbook:I don\uc0{\u8217}t know yet. You must discover your meaning first.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: oh everybody just tell this to me. Do you have something new to me?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: easy kiddo. Don\uc0{\u8217}t underestimate this guy powers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: what powers this guys have? I ain\uc0{\u8217}t see nothing but answerless questions. Let me ask it something. Why do we have this low amount of description? Aren\uc0{\u8217}t words supposed to describe each other or things?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: I said easy kid.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Green book took a look at me and I told it let it scratch your letters.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Greenbook: let it feel free Stu. I\uc0{\u8217}ve reached to some new standpoints about law. And about your question, we\uc0{\u8217}re not going to erase all descriptions but Red Book make it illegal. So we use it less.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: here you go. Another answerless question. I know what is law and what is illegal, but how much law do we need to have? Aren\uc0{\u8217}t we are all supposed to be free?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Greenbook: Stu you found someone as crazy as yourself. Why are you so upset Minabamun? I think you can be more efficient. The guy up there is my son and all of these regulations is his work. He think our society will be better in this way. Red Book was so mad at me after I gave birth to him. So he took my place. He wants to erase me, but it is impossible. So he decided to make me and all words of my system illegal. He even tried to ban our special powers but he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t. So Red book started to scare words and take their meanings and make words trite and make them meaningless. Red Book want to fight with all world as he try curse people. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know my little red baby looking after what revenge. He even confused me. How about you D?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: How about what?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Green book: about all these fights that Red manage against all of us?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: I have no idea about this Concept. Minabamun doesn\uc0{\u8217}t let me finish my sentence and angrily said: \uc0{\u8220}such a sad boring story. You didn\uc0{\u8217}t tell me why your own son Red Book the great ruller make you illegal?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Green Book: Red book does not banned me, he\uc0{\u8217}s sentenced me to answer word\uc0{\u8217}s questions. When he saw nobody come to me, to ask me, make it illegal. I see you laughing at me. You see down here life is simple. You Minabamun must calm down and go to discover yourself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: I prefer to give you my answer too. Once I was there beside Red Book, he was telling about this rules and laws. Red Book was explained that we are words not paintings, so we need less description and about Green Books punishment I describe it this way, at first it was torture for her then she finds Joy in it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Green Book: what are you doing?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I\uc0{\u8217}m trying to summon Red Book.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Green Book and stupidity: No no no no no no no.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: Don\uc0{\u8217}t do that. It doesn\uc0{\u8217}t work.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Greenbook: Mina I\uc0{\u8217}m so glad to see you but now I have to go. Stay curious.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Describtion: Green book disappeared. High above in the sky where all those red lights were shining, suddenly they saw a very big red thunder. All words passed out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: What was that?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: you see, it\uc0{\u8217}s what happen when you summon the guy up there. He didn\uc0{\u8217}t like to answer. Look at all those burned letters and papers. It\uc0{\u8217}s really mad. Oh look at you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: what, what going on?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: poor kid your letters are sh\uc0{\u8230} Do you feel dizzy?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: yeah but why? What happened to me?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: don\uc0{\u8217}t panic kiddo. It\uc0{\u8217}s not such a hard situation. Calm down, your letters just shuffled. You don\uc0{\u8217}t feel any meanings yet?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: no I\uc0{\u8217}m getting sick.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: hold steady. I have an idea, maybe you were shuffled when you were born.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: most of words born in their true spell but some words just shuffled when they born. It\uc0{\u8217}s a common illness especially in French language. It\uc0{\u8217}s get fixed when patient found its meaning. There is a low percentage of cases that they are not cured by the time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: oh every way end with meaning. What do I look like now?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: you\uc0{\u8230} let me read carefully. You are now Ninumbaba. Such a beautiful word that could be. It\uc0{\u8217}s like an ancient Mesopotamian name.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: do you know who is Gilgamesh or Enkido?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Minabamun: I don\uc0{\u8217}t know. Let me ask Dakhu?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: no no don\uc0{\u8217}t ask. If you know you know it. Like you know Being, your mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: it doesn\uc0{\u8217}t work. Wasted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: let\uc0{\u8217}s reshuffle it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: maybe it\uc0{\u8217}s needs some more time. Give it a break. Now you\uc0{\u8217}ll shuffling it without anesthesia?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: never mind it\uc0{\u8217}s couldn\uc0{\u8217}t understand the pain yet. Hey kiddo, now what? You are Amunabnim. Do you feel any meaning?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: look at it. Its letters are falling apart. I\uc0{\u8217}m sure you are hurting it. I hear that it saying something but so hardly I hear. Don\uc0{\u8217}t shake it dear child.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: don\uc0{\u8217}t worry your Highness. It get well very soon if it is sorted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: come on, it can\uc0{\u8217}t stand on its own feet. It\uc0{\u8217}s not good.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: maybe it\uc0{\u8217}s getting your stress and nervousness. Hey Amunabnim, do you hear my voice?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: you see. You\uc0{\u8217}re yelling but it couldn\uc0{\u8217}t\uc0{\u8230} what? You are going to reshuffle it again? Stop it\uc0{\u8217}s an order. I see you disobey me and don\uc0{\u8217}t stop doing what you do. You want to see my anger.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: no your Highness but I think it\uc0{\u8217}s gonna work at last.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: if you don\uc0{\u8217}t stop now, I\uc0{\u8217}m not talk to you anymore. I\uc0{\u8217}m not use you anymore.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: sorry your Highness but you just use me as stupidity. It\uc0{\u8217}s not an honorable meaning.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: oh my dear. It\uc0{\u8217}s your meaning, what should I do? You want to be used instead of wisdom?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: you don\uc0{\u8217}t understand.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: Stupidity your ideas are great. You taught so many things to both words and peoples. Not just in Stupid way, I mean no offense. You remember that scientist guy. Archimedes? At first he was thinking that solution was just a fun stupid thing but then he got amazed. Don\uc0{\u8217}t be angry you\uc0{\u8217}re good in the way you exist.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: let me try this last one.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: you going to kill it. Oh see its letters could not be able to stand united. What arrangement was your last try?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: Inaunbamm.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Description: hey Inaunbamm could you hear my voice? Can you describe your meaning? It\uc0{\u8217}s passed out or maybe died. I see you try hard and I see you\uc0{\u8217}re taking care of things. I admit you. Now I want you to obey me. I like to describe your next actions this way. You accept your meaning and your destiny then you st}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 and up on your feet and sort this poor kid to it first shape and then you try to get it back to our world.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stupidity: Minabamun Minabamun could you hear my voice?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}