{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy01\hr15\min03\sec03}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy01\hr15\min03\sec03}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Still a Temporary Home}\par
{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was thirteen years old when my Mom and I decided to flee from our home country DRC. I lived with my mother , we were always moving from one place to another, we never stayed long enough to call anywhere home due to war and persecution. We were a single-parent family, just the two of us, going through life with a little stability. But even that fragile stability shattered when the familial conflict erupted in our home country. We had no choice but to flee, seeking refuge in Dzaleka Refugee Camp.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember the day we arrived at Dzaleka. The camp sprawled out before us, only tents were all over for our shelters, a testament to the thousands who, like us, had.Everywhere, and everyone had similar stories of struggle like ours and none was there to help another through it all.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We were told it was a temporary home, a place to stay until it was safe to return. But as the days turned into months, and the months into years, it became clear that temporary could stretch out indefinitely.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Life in Dzaleka was a daily struggle. My mother and I shared a small tent. Our belongings were just a few, just the clothes on our backs and a handful of items we had managed to carry with us. The camp was so overcrowded, and resources were always scarce. Water had to be fetched from distant boreholes, and food rations were never enough. Yet, despite all these hardships, we found comfort from people around us. The camp was home to people from various backgrounds, each with their own stories of loss and survival.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a year in the camp, I started looking for opportunities to be enrolled in school because I knew school is the only hope I\uc0{\u8217}ll get my life to a better level.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was very hard to get enrolled because there were Many and everyone fought to get a place to study.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Per class over one hundred students were being managed by one teacher and every student was expected to excel well.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was heartbroken and despair that even the only hope I had to change my life was shut down.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I cried day and night just to get enrolled in school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother, on the other hand, struggled to find ways to support me. She took on any work she could find, from washing clothes to selling vegetables around people\uc0{\u8217}s houses. The devaluation of money in Malawi made everything more expensive, and her earnings were barely enough to keep us going. Each day was a battle for survival, and a constant worry about where our next meal would come from.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The hardest part was the uncertainty. Every day, we woke up with the same question: how long would we be here? The camp administrators told us that Dzaleka was a temporary solution, but as time went on, it felt more and more permanent. My mother would often sit outside our tent, staring into the distance, lost in her thoughts. I knew she was thinking about the home we had left behind, the life we had lost though it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t the best but at least there were some hopes from our close relatives.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother had to work very hard to take me to a nearby village school to start learning.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Fortunately, everything worked. I studied there for four years and finished high school with good grades.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I grew older, the weight of our situation became heavier. My mother\uc0{\u8217}s health began to decline, I took on more responsibilities, helping her with work and taking care of our tent. I started doing some part time teaching jobs to earn money for our daily needs.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The future before me seemed bleak, but I held on to hope. I knew that the little education I got was my ticket out of the camp, my chance to build a better life for myself and my mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, an opportunity came that changed everything. A certain organization called World University Service of Canada was offering scholarships for refugees to study abroad in Canada and become permanent residents. It felt like a dream too good to be true for me my mother encouraged and I felt a strong confidence in me saying you gonna make it. All these encouragement pushed me to apply, I applied. The application process was very hard, but I poured my heart into it. I was so determined to seize this chance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When the acceptance letter arrived, it felt like a miracle. I had been selected to study in Canada. My mother cried tears of joy and relief, and for the first time in years, we allowed ourselves to dream of a better future.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I cried so hard and thanked God for this wonderful favor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We had time to wait for our visa to come out and we started preparing for the journey to Canada. And here the time for my flight is already at hand.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The day I will leave Dzaleka will be bittersweet. I was excited about the opportunities that lay ahead, but leaving my mother behind will be the hardest thing I have ever done. We already promised each other that we will reunite soon, that this temporary separation is just another step towards a brighter future.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Canada was everything I had dreamed of and more. The vastness of the country and the opportunities for education and my personal growth. It is overwhelming in the best way. But even as I will thrive in my new environment,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Looking back, Dzaleka will always be a part of me. It is a place of hardship and struggle, but also of resilience and hope. It has taught me the value of perseverance, the importance of community, and the power of education. While it may have been a temporary home, it shaped who I am today. And I will always teach the next generation. The lessons of Dzaleka I carry with me, students should always remember that no matter how temporary their circumstances may seem, they have}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the power to build a better future.}}\par
\sect
}