{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy24\hr18\min00\sec41}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy24\hr18\min00\sec41}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The sun\uc0{\u8217}s warm golden rays painted the sleepy neighborhood as it slowly rose above the horizon. With a persistent buzz, my alarm clock roused me from a deep slumber. As I yawned and rubbed the sleep from my eyes, a wide smile spread across my face, my anticipation building as I realized the significance of the day. It was finally here\uc0{\u8212}the first day of high school, a milestone I had eagerly awaited throughout the entire summer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 During those summer months, I had dedicated time to experimenting with my appearance, determined to enter the new school year with a fresh look. I had meticulously braided my hair into intricate plaits, embracing a new style that exuded confidence and individuality. Additionally, I had faithfully applied Carolight body lotion, hoping to achieve a lighter complexion.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Eager to begin the day on the right note, I leaped out of bed, my excitement propelling me towards the closet. Hanging neatly within was my brand new high school uniform, a symbol of the journey ahead. The ensemble consisted of a crisp white blouse and a flawlessly pressed black skirt. The contrasting black and white combination possessed a timeless elegance that had always captured my admiration, especially when worn by the older students. Today, I would finally join their ranks and embark on my own high school adventure.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I quickly got dressed, buttoning my shirt with care and smoothing down my skirt. I paused for a moment to admire my reflection in the mirror. The uniform made me feel grown-up, like I was stepping into a new chapter of my life. I carefully tied my braided hair back with a black ribbon, completing the look.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Dorothy, breakfast is ready!\uc0{\u8221} my mother called from the kitchen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Coming, Mom!\uc0{\u8221} I replied, grabbing my school bag and heading to the kitchen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My parents were waiting for me in the kitchen, beaming with pride. \uc0{\u8221}Look at our high school girl!\uc0{\u8221} my father exclaimed, giving me a tight hug. \uc0{\u8221}You look so grown-up, Dorothy.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Thanks, Dad,\uc0{\u8221} I said, blushing slightly. \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m really excited.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother placed a plate of chapati and boiled beans in front of me. \uc0{\u8221}Eat up, sweetheart. You\uc0{\u8217}ll need your energy for your big day.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I ate my breakfast, my mind raced with thoughts of what high school would be like. I imagined the new subjects I would learn, the clubs I might join, and the friends I would make. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t wait to explore the campus and find my way around.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After breakfast, I thanked my mom for the meals. I felt nervous,but excited as I waved goodbye to my parents and made my way to Mulawe High School. On the way, As I walked down the dusty road, I met my best friend Nifa, an older student who had been at the secondary school for 4 years and it was her last year awaiting for graduating from high school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Hey Dorothy, congratulations on making it to secondary school!\uc0{\u8221} she exclaimed while hugging.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Thank you, Nifa,\uc0{\u8221} I replied. \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m excited, but a bit nervous. Everything will be so different.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry, Dorothy. I felt the same way when I first started. But you\uc0{\u8217}ll find your rhythm,\uc0{\u8221} she said as we shared a laugh.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As we approached the view of the school buildings, my heart began to pound with excitement. The large gates stood open, welcoming me into this new phase of my life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Here we are, your new school,\uc0{\u8221} Nifa said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}It looks even bigger than I imagined,\uc0{\u8221} I responded. \uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s so impressive! I can\uc0{\u8217}t wait to explore.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}That\uc0{\u8217}s the spirit! Come on, let\uc0{\u8217}s go in together,\uc0{\u8221} Nifa said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We stepped through the gates,the campus was bustling with movements, students hurrying to check their names posted on the windows of each classe, teachers and students greeting with warm smiles. I aparted with Nifa.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I hurried to find my class as well. I read my name\uc0{\u8217}Dorothy\uc0{\u8217} on the window of a class labeled form 1 East. I entered and found a seat near the front and sat down, my eyes wide with curiosity. The room slowly filled with other students, some chatting excitedly, others looking just as nervous as I felt.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Creeak! Creeak!\uc0{\u8221} Our class door opened. What\uc0{\u8217}s your name?\uc0{\u8221} He said. \uc0{\u8221}Dorothy,\uc0{\u8221} I said. \uc0{\u8221} please report to that office immediately,\uc0{\u8221} he announced pointing at the office across from my new class and left to the next class. My stomach sank, and I wondered what could be wrong. \uc0{\u8221} His name is Cobaliko, the head master.\uc0{\u8221} One of my classmates from behind announced.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Curiosity mingled with apprehension as I made my way to the office. I knocked softly on the door before entering.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Come in,\uc0{\u8221} she said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I stepped into the office, meeting the stern gaze of a tall woman with an imposing presence.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Good morning, what\uc0{\u8217}s your name.\uc0{\u8221} She said. \uc0{\u8221} Dorothy.\uc0{\u8221} I said. \uc0{\u8221} Please, have a seat, she pointed towards the chair in front of her desk.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I sat down, my hands fidgeting nervously in my lap. My heart pounded in my chest, and a sense of unease settled within me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Leaning forward, she wore a serious expression. \uc0{\u8221}My name is Njoka, your discipline supervisor.\uc0{\u8221} She said. \uc0{\u8221}Dorothy, I\uc0{\u8217}ve called you here to discuss a matter of school policy. I have noticed your hairstyle and your skin complexion. While I appreciate your desire for self-expression, there are certain guidelines we follow here at Mulawe High school.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My heart sank further. I had hoped my efforts to enhance my appearance would be met with approval rather than criticism.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Firstly,\uc0{\u8221} Njoka continued, \uc0{\u8221}we do not permit students to come to school with braided or artificially planted hair. We encourage our students to embrace their natural hair.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A lump formed in my throat. I had spent hours and 15,000 malawian kwacha getting my hair done, only to be told that it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t acceptable.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}And secondly,\uc0{\u8221} Njoka added, her tone growing more serious, \uc0{\u8221}we do not allow the use of body lotions containing hydroquinone. These products are harmful and can have long-term negative effects on your skin and overall health. I give you a month, I want to see your natural skin. If not then, you will face dismissal from this school.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mind raced. I had hoped the lotion would help me fit in and boost my confidence, but now I was being told it not only violated the rules but also posed risks to my health.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I nodded, feeling tears prickle at the corners of my eyes. I had wanted so desperately to start the year positively, but now I felt embarrassed on the first day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Do you understand?\uc0{\u8221} She said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yes, madam. I understand,\uc0{\u8221} I replied softly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Good,\uc0{\u8221} Njoka acknowledged with a nod. \uc0{\u8221}You may return to your class now.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I stood up and left the office, my mind spinning with thoughts. Frustration mingled within me. It wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t be easy to make the changes Njoka had requested, but I comprehended the importance of sticking to the rules and taking care of myself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I entered the class, in one corner of the classroom, near the chalkboard, a small group of female students had gathered to clean the floor. Their cleaning abruptly halted, and they whispered and giggled, their eyes fixed on me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Their gaze made me uncomfortable, and the hushed whispers and glances confirmed that they were talking about me. An uneasy feeling settled in me as thoughts raced through my mind, wondering what they could be saying.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anitha, one of the classmates, called out to me, with mockery. \uc0{\u8221}Hey, Dorothy, what\uc0{\u8217}s going on with your skin?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Taking a deep breath, I responded, \uc0{\u8221}Oh, it\uc0{\u8217}s nothing. Just trying something new.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sonia, another girl in the group, sneered and said, \uc0{\u8221}Trying something new? More like trying to become a highlighter.\uc0{\u8221} The others burst into laughter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had hoped they would understand why I had turned to this lotion, but it seemed their only interest was in ridiculing me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I just thought\uc0{\u8230} maybe it would look better,\uc0{\u8221} I mumbled, barely audible.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Better? You look like a banana,\uc0{\u8221} Sonia shot back contemptuously. \uc0{\u8221}Why would you want to change your skin color anyway? Are you ashamed of who you are?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tears welled up in my eyes, and I struggled to hold them back. I had wanted to fit in, to feel accepted, but now I felt even more isolated. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t comprehend why they couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see things from my perspective.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I just wanted to fit in,\uc0{\u8221} I said quietly, my voice trembling.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Fit in? By looking like a clown?\uc0{\u8221} Sonia retorted, rolling her eyes. Anitha sighed, shaking her head. \uc0{\u8221}Look, Dorothy, soon the school administration will dismiss you for using that lotion if you don\uc0{\u8217}t know.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The bell rang, signaling the time for the national anthem. The girls turned to leave, still chuckling to themselves. I stood there, consumed by shame, anger, and sadness. Taking a deep breath, I wiped away my tears.\uc0{\u8221}Maybe they were right, and I had made a mistake,\uc0{\u8221} I thought. But their laughter and mockery had hurt more than words could express. As the students gathered for the national anthem, and having feeling of urgency to disappear, to escape their relentless teasing, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t bring myself to stand with the others during the national anthem. I felt too frustrated and humiliated to participate, so I decided to escape.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Upon arriving home, my mother immediately sensed that something was wrong. \uc0{\u8221}Dorothy, what\uc0{\u8217}s the matter? And why are you back early?\uc0{\u8221} she asked gently.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At first, a heavy silence hung in the air as I buried my feelings. But my face, despite my efforts to remain composed, betrayed the turmoil that was going on inside. It took me some time, but eventually, I opened up and shared my experience at school.\uc0{\u8221}Mom,I was called into the school office and a woman introduced herself as Mrs. Njoka, the discipline supervisor. She said that I\uc0{\u8217}m not allowed to have braided or artificially planted hair, and I shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t use lotion with hydroquinone. She gave me a month to show my natural skin and threatened to dismiss me if I don\uc0{\u8217}t stop using the lotion. \uc0{\u8221} I said as my mother listened quietly, her face thoughtful.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a moment of silence, she spoke up. \uc0{\u8221}Dorothy, what if you take a different approach? What if you turn the tables on your bullies?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Confused, I looked at my mother and asked, \uc0{\u8221}What do you mean, Mom?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Instead of letting their words hurt you, embrace their comments and respond positively with confidence,\uc0{\u8221} my mother suggested. \uc0{\u8221}If they see that their words don\uc0{\u8217}t faze you and that you\uc0{\u8217}re proud of your appearance, maybe they\uc0{\u8217}ll lose interest. Try that approach, and let\uc0{\u8217}s see what it will yield.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She reached into her bag and pulled out 2,000 Malawi kwacha, placing it in my hands. \uc0{\u8221}Take this money and go to the salon to remove your braids. Also, stop using the CaroLight lotion. You can use my lotion for now; we don\uc0{\u8217}t have enough money left for anything else.\uc0{\u8221} She said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Grateful for her support, I hugged her and said, \uc0{\u8221}Thanks, Mom!\uc0{\u8221} And I entered my bedroom.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Standing in front of the mirror, I scanned every inch of my reflection. The uneven patches on my skin and the darker shades on my knuckles were impossible to ignore. Tracing my fingers over the rough spots, I felt the stark contrast against my natural complexion. The longer I looked, the more self-conscious I became.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Letting out a deep sigh, thoughts raced through my mind about how to handle the upcoming days at school. The memory of my friendsmocking me replayed over and over, but this time, I felt a flicker of determination. I would no longer let their words define me or make me feel ashamed of who I am.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the morning as the sun lay it\uc0{\u8217}s golden grow on the landscape, determined to react positively to my bullies, I carefully chose my outfit for the day, opting for something that made me feel comfortable and confident. Giving myself a reassuring smile in the mirror, I whispered, \uc0{\u8221}Okay, Dorothy, you\uc0{\u8217}ve got this.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Upon arriving at school, as I walked through corridors of the school, the familiar whispers and stares followed me. I could feel the weight of their eyes on my uneven skin color and darkened knuckles. But this time, instead of shrinking away, I held my head high and smiled.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Hey, Dorothy,\uc0{\u8221} Sonia began, a smile playing on her lips. \uc0{\u8221}Still embracing that patchwork look, I see.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I took a deep breath and responded with enthusiasm. \uc0{\u8221}Thank you, Sonia! I absolutely love how unique my skin looks! It\uc0{\u8217}s like a beautiful mosaic. I\uc0{\u8217}m proud of it.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anitha blinked in surprise, \uc0{\u8221}Wait, really? You like it?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Absolutely true,\uc0{\u8221} I answered, my smile unwavering. \uc0{\u8221}It makes me stand out in a good way.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sonia and Anitha looked at each other in confusion, their amusement wavering. They had expected my usual reaction of hurt, not this unexpected acceptance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Okay, if that\uc0{\u8217}s what you like,\uc0{\u8221} Anitha whispered, unsure of how to respond.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I replied enthusiastically, \uc0{\u8221}It is! And I\uc0{\u8217}m grateful you guys see that. Your observations mean a lot to me.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The bell rang and disrupted our conversation, and we quickly disappeared into the classroom as the sky was about to cry.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the days turned into weeks, the bullies gradually got tired, and lost the desire to make fun of me. However, one day during lunch, I was surprised when Nifa visited my class. She found me sitting in the green school yard, engrossed in reading a book of short stories. She then joined me, and we started discussing school policies. Before long, Anitha and Sonia, quickly joined our conversation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 to an end.One evening, while sitting with my mother, I told her about the positive changes I saw at school. She smiled, her eyes filled with pride.\uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m proud of you, Dorothy. You\uc0{\u8217}ve shown great courage and bravery,\uc0{\u8221} my mother said. \uc0{\u8221}Remember, no matter what, stay true to yourself.\uc0{\u8221}I smiled and replied, \uc0{\u8221}Thanks, Mom. I will.\uc0{\u8221}Lying in bed that night, I felt peaceful and content. My mother\uc0{\u8217}s approach had slowly begun to solve the problem, and I was hopeful for a safe environment, Mulawe high school.}\par
{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}