{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy02\hr13\min01\sec11}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy02\hr13\min01\sec11}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Here in Lilongwe, my little sister I run a small business of selling local chicken. So sometimes we like going to town together when she wants to older the chicken. But every time I go into town escorting my sister, I always meet this other man whose age could be around 30-35 years old. He always greets me politely and in a friendly manner, which I take as normal. I never bothered asking his name.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Last month, I went to town as usual, and when I got to Chipiku stores to buy sugar, as I was entering, I met the same man who greeted me. We both went in together but not talking and it was like everyone went to get what they came for.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After I finished buying what I needed, I went to the cashier, and then that same man came and told me he would pay, and he paid. It was around 10 a.m. From there, I started heading home, and when I got home around 12, I felt very tired and went to sleep. But as soon as I slept, I dreamt of that man entering my bedroom, but he was not wearing any cloth, and his private part was long, reaching the middle of his thigh. His intention was to sleep with me, but I managed to wake up quickly, and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t sleep again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next day morning, around 3 a.m., the same man appeared to me in my dreams again, and he managed to undress me and started sleeping with me. I felt a lot of pain, and when I woke up, I still felt the pain. Then around 6 a.m., when I was taking a bath, I decided to check myself, and I just saw that there was blood on me. I got so scared that time and screamed inside the bathroom. My sister was also home that time and came fast to see what had happened to me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She told me that it was strange. I had to go to the doctor for checkup. When I reached to the hospital, the doctor confirmed that I was rapped but I had to explain that it was a dream. Surprisingly, the dreams don\uc0{\u8217}t come again and when I go to town, I don\uc0{\u8217}t see the man again. I am scared that he might have used charms on me the time he paid for me in the Chipiku stores that time.}}\par
\sect
}