{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy23\hr09\min56\sec07}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy23\hr09\min56\sec07}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Last year, my young sister, Berina found herself stuck at a speed trap along Zomba Road. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t have the money to pay the fine. Zomba Traffic had her detained right away. Then, this other man in a fancy car got stopped too. He paid his fine and then, somehow decided to pay my sister\uc0{\u8217}s fine as well. He even handed her the receipt and her driving license since it was taken away by the Traffic Police.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sister started to like this guy, but she already had a boyfriend, and he had a girlfriend too. Yet, something changed inside her. She stopped loving her boyfriend because of the guy who paid the fine in Zomba. She fallen in love so hard for this guy, but she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t find the words to tell him. She tries dropping hints, but he just calls my sister \uc0{\u8221}my sister.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Last month, she went to his house in Blantyre. They talked for three hours. She was hoping for something more, but he did not make a move, not even close. My sister even wore a short dress, trying to see if he would react, but nothing happened.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sister told me that she knows the guy cares about her. He gave her money and gifts on her birthday. It seems like the relationship with her current boyfriend is not that serious now, so she wonders if that\uc0{\u8217}s why this guy hasn\uc0{\u8217}t made a move. She has asked me for an advice that she wants to end her current relationship with her boyfriend, but I told her that she has to make sure she knows if this guy will date her if she dumps the current boyfriend.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sister\uc0{\u8217}s heart feels tangled in a mess of emotions. She cares deeply for him, but the fear of rejection stops her from expressing her feelings. Life throws puzzles like this sometimes, where words get stuck in our throats and actions don\uc0{\u8217}t match our feelings. But I really don\uc0{\u8217}t trust that my sister is loving this guy truly or it is because of the money and gifts that she gets from him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For me not to create conflicts between us, I pretend to support her but I want her to be answerable to her own actions. I feel like the current boyfriend is just a victim and if she is playing with his heart is unfair. Sometimes, I tell her to follow her instincts and do what makes her happy all the time. The way she is deeply feeling the guy that they met in Zomba, I believe that she will do whatever it takes for her to have him as her man.}}\par
\sect
}