{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy23\hr10\min32\sec29}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy23\hr10\min32\sec29}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had a boyfriend with whom I spent 2 years together, and in January this year, I was going to school in Blantyre. Everything was going well until he started misbehaving. He wasn\uc0{\u8217}t paying much attention. When I called him, he would hang up on me or say he would call me back but I would wait for him and he wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t get tired of calling and texting him. After a month, things didn\uc0{\u8217}t change, and I was complaining to my friends. They were like, \uc0{\u8221}he\uc0{\u8217}s cheating on you because no one can be busy all day without making time to communicate with their partner.\uc0{\u8221} But I didn\uc0{\u8217}t give up seeking his attention.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was shocked one night when I called him, and he said to me, \uc0{\u8220}Do you even know what you went to school for, or have you forgotten? Nowadays, instead of studying, you\uc0{\u8217}re busy on my phone, asking me to concentrate.\uc0{\u8221} And in the end, he said, \uc0{\u8220}Whether we stay together or we break up, you need to focus because this is your chance.\uc0{\u8221} He was right, yes, but he shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t have spoken to me the way he did. I felt bad because he spoke as if I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what I was doing. Before all this, we used to talk every night for hours.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was hard for me until I started chatting with another guy on Facebook. His attention was available 24/7, to the point that he paid me a visit all the way from Lilongwe to see me. We ended up spending the night together, and the next day he left for Lilongwe. When he arrived, he sent me a sweet message on Facebook, thanking me for the night. The guy and I chatted a lot on Facebook, but that same night, I got a call from my boyfriend breaking up with me. When I asked why, he said, \uc0{\u8220}You know what you did,\uc0{\u8221} and I denied everything until he asked me, \uc0{\u8220}Where did you sleep last night?\uc0{\u8221} That\uc0{\u8217}s when I remembered that I had left my Facebook account logged in on his phone, and he saw the conversation between me and the Facebook guy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Unfortunately, I made a plan to go to Lilongwe, thinking maybe we could talk, but it didn\uc0{\u8217}t work out, and the issue reached our parents because they knew about the relationship. I tried apologizing, but it was still hard until I returned to school. The Facebook guy was falling for me, but I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t feeling the same way, so I had to tell him the truth. I explained everything to him and told him we couldn\uc0{\u8217}t date because I felt like I had lost my soulmate. Honestly, I loved the guy, and it was my first time breaking someone\uc0{\u8217}s heart, so I didn\uc0{\u8217}t find peace. But what was said? Hmm, people out here can be cruel with words. The Facebook guy insulted me, and in the end, blocked me. I struggled to find peace, and I kept calling my ex-boyfriend, hoping maybe things could work out, but it was in vain.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After some time, I received a call from the Facebook guy apologizing for not speaking well to me and saying he wanted us to date. I refused, thinking about how he had spoken to me, but he insisted to the point that I gave in. We started our relationship, and the attention was good, but if I didn\uc0{\u8217}t answer his calls or went offline, I would face accusations. Sometimes I would tell him I was busy with schoolwork, but he would still get angry. He loved me very much, and when it came to money, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t even have to ask. He would just send it when he wanted to. The bad part was that ever since he visited me the first time, we hadn\uc0{\u8217}t met again. It was an online relationship because I was at school, and he was in Lilongwe, so it was hard.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This month, I am in Lilongwe, and it happened that he left for Mzuzu. Since he went there, the attention has changed. He can go a whole day without calling me, and the other night, when he called he told me that he wanted a break. When I asked why, he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t give me a clear reason and just said he needed to sort some things out that he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t explain. I refused, saying there\uc0{\u8217}s no such thing as a break in a relationship. He should just tell me he doesn\uc0{\u8217}t want me, but he kept saying he still loved me a lot. But as of now, he says we should take a break. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what\uc0{\u8217}s going on. The following morning, I got a call from my ex-boyfriend, asking when I got back to school. We chatted for almost an hour, and at the end, he asked me to come to his place because he wanted us to talk. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t hesitate, so I went. Finally, he said he wanted us to get back together, and I found it hard to answer, knowing that I am with someone else. I am just leaving in a confused world now.}}\par
\sect
}