{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy21\hr06\min18\sec36}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy21\hr06\min18\sec36}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My friend Mukanjishi is passing through hardships. After hearing her story, it really touched me. It sounds like she has been through some incredibly tough times. Feeling neglected and seeing your own mother go through violence at home. It is so heavy to carry as a girl. Below is her full story that she told me during her visit at my house:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mukanjishi is a 24 years old woman, a graduate, currently employed in public service. It is hard to pinpoint exactly what went wrong with her relationship with her sibling. But one thing that\uc0{\u8217}s always been clear to her is that her father never seemed to have much love for her or her sibling, especially compared to her step-siblings who are older than her. This feeling has been with her since childhood. In fact, she remembers questioning whether he was her real father when she was just seven years old.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her father, despite being capable, wasn\uc0{\u8217}t the best father or husband. She witnessed domestic violence in her home, from her mother being beaten to being kicked out at night, and even being locked out of their own home. Despite all of this, she still holds some love for her father, although it seems he never cared about things like paying for their school fees, buying them clothes, or even giving them pocket money. The neglect has left deep scars, causing her to feel a heavy burden of repression.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 During her time at university, she sought help from organizations, desperately trying to cope with the pain. Her father\uc0{\u8217}s indifference hurt her deeply, to the point where she contemplated suicide. Yet, she\uc0{\u8217}s never been able to confront him about it, the pain remains bottled up inside her, manifesting as anger and tears that come all too easily when she is alone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her parents divorced two years ago, and she\uc0{\u8217}s been living with her mother since then. She has made efforts to maintain contact with her dad, calling and texting him, but the initiative has always been one-sided. Now, after gathering up the courage to reach out again, he\uc0{\u8217}s made it clear he doesn\uc0{\u8217}t want to talk to her. It\uc0{\u8217}s shocking, and she\uc0{\u8217}s left wondering if she should just let him be.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She is struggling to heal from the wounds inflicted by her father\uc0{\u8217}s neglect and the trauma of her upbringing. The prospect of marriage seems scary, given her past experiences. Sometimes, she finds herself crying for no apparent reason, overwhelmed by the pain that still lingers within her.}}\par
\sect
}