{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy30\hr08\min52\sec52}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy30\hr08\min52\sec52}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 SUCCESSFUL FAILURE}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember when I was young. I was an energetic child who was a hard worker in school. I used to get flying colors in my studies. I know you are asking yourselves why you have such a pathetic weak grandfather. I agree with you, you can even call me a loser and I will swallow it. They say time gives time for everything.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My children listen carefully. My early life was full of interesting things. Even though it\uc0{\u8217}s wrong to talk about the good deeds in one self, I was far friendlier and I made a lot of friends in my young age. Life is a journey indeed. I have never met any of them From the moment I married your grandmother . I regret not remembering them during my glorious married life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Forgetting was one of the cornerstones which made my tender days more misery. I had the problem of forgetting things which have just happened. Many people said I was traumatized. No one accepted the fact that I was having the so-called amnesia disease. Even your grandmother never approved it. You know love is a mighty thing and we never quarreled about it. The only person who helped me during my childhood was my mother, your kind, caring and loving great grandmother. She used to support me when fellow students wanted to beat me after forgetting where I had kept their money and pens.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember being a teacher at one of the prominent schools in my area. You can laugh. I know it is hard for you to believe. But never judge a man by where he is, because you don\uc0{\u8217}t know how far he has come. Aha! Where was I by the way? Yah yes I was once a teacher when I was seventeen. Despite being young, I deserved it. I was a cherished person in my time. Unfortunately, my colleagues used to despise me. They were fond of insulting me upon forgetting where I had kept the staff room keys. I reckon my students were great victims of this problem but never said anything since I was their teacher. Yes I was energetic but going against my fellow colleagues was impolite. They were all older than me. Remember polite people respect the aged and call them \uc0{\u8216}senior\uc0{\u8217} or \uc0{\u8216}elder\uc0{\u8217}. I did not blame them, I usually blame my dementia.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One of the things which led to my downfall was swallowing everything. I was a tender young gentleman who used to walk with everything. I am not talking about indulging myself in immoral behaviors. I was an individual who used to accept every single accusation that was made against me. My father, your great-grandfather, once cautioned me to not accept any crime when I am innocent. But it was too late as I had become accustomed to it already.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was fifteen in the second month of the year. I plainly remember this day; it was a quiet sunny day full of gentle blowing winds and it was my birthday. I was called by the supervisor, our acquaintance\uc0{\u8217}s boss. I hoped that my good deeds had reached her and would become more respectable. On the other side of the coin, I was accused of being a corruptor who had registered an illegal student without their authority. I remember nothing from there apart from the envelope that led my life into this shoddy adventure. I was chased from the job and I have never found any teaching job opportunity. It witnessed the downfall of my career. I am always sad to hear you mocking me as a failure. I worked with truth, dignity, and unhesitatingly and God is my witness. You could have been calling me a retired teacher now, enjoying the government pension but time didn\uc0{\u8217}t accept it. At least when I shall follow my ancestors call me a victorious grandpapa.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}