{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy08\hr20\min06\sec20}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy08\hr20\min06\sec20}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 THE TABLECLOTH 3: UNFOLDING, SHRINKING, FOLDING}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Last night I had a video call with Elia. She is now in Singapore living in a hotel room the size of my computer screen. She has no windows apart from a small square nestled in the ceiling above the feet of her bed. The air she breathes comes from an air conditioning machine. She has been there for three weeks and will stay for one more week.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Apologies for my looks,\uc0{\u8221} I say grimacing to the screen and pointing to a bun carelessly tied up with a cheap brown tortoiseshell hair clip to the top of my head. For my long, dense hair to touch my body under the endless heatwave we are experiencing in Madrid is not an option.\uc0{\u8220}It hasn\uc0{\u8217}t stopped since we last spoke almost a month ago,\uc0{\u8221} I give her a lifeless look. \uc0{\u8220}In fact I don\uc0{\u8217}t think I\uc0{\u8217}d mind giving myself over to air conditioning.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I\uc0{\u8217}m wearing a cotton nightgown that has become my uniform for the last five weeks. It dries so quickly in this heat that I don\uc0{\u8217}t need to have more than two. In fact, I wear it wet as it comes out of the washing machine so I can turn off the fan for a while and enjoy a few minutes of quiet coolness.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I woke up thinking about Elia. Imagining the smell of the wooden floor she is going to put in her new house when she goes back to her hometown next week. She can\uc0{\u8217}t wait.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a courgette left in the fridge the night before leaving for Vienna last Autumn. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t think about taking it with me as I did with more transportable things such as a couple of lemons, an open packet of quinoa, a bottle of olive oil, a zip bag with some Himalayan pink salt, a little jar with fifty grams of ground lotus root and three tins of sardines. My friend Eve was staying for the night. She lives out of town and needed a place to crash before catching an early train the following day. Eve grew up in rural England, her delicate body bended by strong breezes and soothed by the views of distant lakes. Those winds and clean waters made her the strong kind mast that she is. She has been living in Arganda for nine years, together with her partner Alejandra. We don\uc0{\u8217}t manage to get to see so much of each other but our dinners in my kitchen are precious to us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It was very embarrassing,\uc0{\u8221} she said. \uc0{\u8220}It is stuff you can buy everywhere!,\uc0{\u8221} she carried on.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}She is obsessed about the SOS rice and got three packets that exploded in her suitcase. And then, when we got to customs in Reykjavik, a tall pale policeman who was wearing a uniform probably two sizes too big said in a calm tone: \uc0{\u8221}Hey, do you have any food in there?.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No!,\uc0{\u8221} both in overacted unison.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}She seems she took a cooking course in the twenties\uc0{\u8221}, she says tragically. \uc0{\u8220}And she makes the same food, in the same way, over and over again.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What about a bit of salt there?,\uc0{\u8221} she says as she pictures her boiling water just before pouring her SOS rice. \uc0{\u8220}SOS \uc0{\u8211}three packets\uc0{\u8211}, pasta \uc0{\u8211}Lidl pasta!\uc0{\u8211} I think fusilli or some tiny pasta like that, lots of vacuum-packed Serrano ham, tuna, \uc0{\u8211}of\uc0{\u160} course tunna!\uc0{\u8211} a big pack of almonds, fruit\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Fruit?,\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, fruit.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Did she take cans of sardines?,\uc0{\u8221} I ask in hope for a big yes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Of course! Tuna, sardines and mussels, because that is what you need when you go to an island full of fresh fish!,\uc0{\u8221} she escalates to maximum satire.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I smile with delight, imaginary winking at Alejandra, wherever she may be.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We need a second to recompose ourselves after such an outburst of laughter. Neck bent backwards. Tears in the back of our hands. Hands on the thighs. Big breaths. Sighs. Giggles. Big Breath. Silence.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I learn a lot, though, \uc0{\u8221} she says earnestly. \uc0{\u8220}It is such a class thing. This very real element that you see in many people in this country.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As she keeps talking about their hike in Island I remember that time Alejandra and I were talking about our parents\uc0{\u8217} childhood when she told me that her mum used to go to the fishmongers at night to take what was in the bins and cook for the week. She says she still eats the eyes as my dad chews the heads.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 *}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I left my suitcase wide open in the middle of the corridor of my apartment, near the front door so as to be able to squeeze in all the things that inexplicably appear essential last minute before closing it. I was having a very early flight and will leave the apartment before she woke up. I went through the apartment for the last time to check on bins and other perishable items and saw again the courgette in the fridge. I said to myself: \uc0{\u8220}Well, I guess I am going to have dinner tomorrow. Just in a different place.\uc0{\u8221} With great determination I wrapped the courgette in a soft plastic bag and squeaked it between my clothes making sure its skin wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t get damaged by the notebooks, hair straighteners or shoes that I laid on the other half of the suitcase. And, for sure, away from Dani\uc0{\u8217}s sight.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was so grateful there was an elevator to carry my heavy luggage to the apartment in Kaisserstrasse 95 that would be home for the next six weeks. I put all my stuff into it and climbed the stairs, unable to miss the staircase whose white marble steps curled in a spiral around the elevator\uc0{\u8217}s ornate iron structure to the appartment. I called the lift as I opened the three locks and entered the flat with stealth as if I had to show respect to everything invisible. There was a grand entrance hall with a large window on the left hand-side, a bathroom and a toilet. From the window you couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see anything, but it was quite relieving to have that opening in a space squeezed by a view down the Graben with the Pests\uc0{\u228}ule printed in black and white on a vinyl that took up an entire wall. I left the small window in the toilet open to air it out and took a quick look at the bathroom from the threshold. Both spaces faced the same place as the entrance window, an odd-shaped courtyard, and from these three views it could be understood that, although the flat was on the first floor, it was in the groundfloor of the courtyard.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The dull, opaque silence of the city on Sunday had crept into the building, and into the appartment I thought, a little unsettled, as I opened the two large doors leading to the living room. I dropped my suitcases at the entrance and stood for a while looking mapping the pleasantly sized space. Despite the two huge windows overlooking Kaisserstrasse, the space felt dark and isolated from the outside. I thought that perhaps the garnet walls and the sparse dark furnishings, a mixture of flea market and Spanish Castilian furniture, were devoted to swallowing up any ray of light that dared to pass through these windows.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I noticedThere was an empty vase on top of a folded cloth on the dining table. Curious, I placed the vase on the dark wooden shelf beside the table, opened the tablecloth and held it before me to behold the delicate floral lace design running around its edges.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The tablecloth must have been handmade, too precious and ornate to use for every meal, and yet it seemed too small for that purpose. I was tired and hungry. The supermarket below the apartment was closed so I went back to the hall, opened my suitcase and reached my dinner: a bowl of quinoa which I garnished with a stir-fried courgette, a squeeze of lemon and a drizzle of extra virgin olive oil. Eating from the bare wooden table wasn\uc0{\u8217}t an option. Yoko wasn\uc0{\u8217}t here and I needed to draw the limits to contain the action in one of the corners of the enormous table. Draping a cloth over the table, then arranging a plate, utensils and jug of water on it had become an integral part of the ritual of eating. These steps were as important as the nutrients of the food and the conversations shared. These steps were already a ritual to me, as important as the food on the plate and the conversations\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had started using a tablecloth for meals, even if, or especially when I ate by myself when I lived alone in Venice, many, many years ago. Without a tablecloth, I felt unanchored and porous, blending into moments of nibbling while cooking, leaning against the kitchen counter waiting for the oil to rattle or the water to come to a boil. I would feel full before I had the chance to sit down, before the actual meal could communicate with my body, leaving me to feel empty as if I\uc0{\u8217}d missed something essential.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want this. I wanted an isolated moment in the flow of the day for sitting and slowing down, for being present, like I had been present in Logro\uc0{\u241}o, listening to my sisters stories while I cleaned my father\uc0{\u8217}s chicken bones. I guess tablecloths are my instruments to slow down time, to allow the meal to become part of me\uc0{\u8212}a white canvas upon which the ritual of sharing and eating materializes into an expression of culture, allowing us to become human, rather than simply soothing the appetite.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I draped the lace tablecloth over the dining table in Vienna, but it was too small to cover the entire surface of the huge table. It was big enough for one person though\uc0{\u8212}maybe two\uc0{\u8212}so I slid it across one of the corners of the table, setting up a space for lunch, breakfast, dinner and everything else.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I ate on my own that afternoon and for ten days before Elia arrived from Prague.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Elia and I We didn\uc0{\u8217}t know each other, but somehow we navigated the domestic space and its routines with a fluency that made me feel as if we were family. When we gathered one afternoon to eat chicken soup at the corner of the table, spilling turmeric and some drops of wine on the tablecloth, I noticed Elia gnawing on bones, just like I did with my family, though I never did so in public. I admired her for chewing the gristle before me, she must feel very comfortable around me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As we cleaned the table, I saw the traces of our meal on the tablecloth: bright yellow turmeric and red dots of spilled wine. I put the tablecloth in the laundry machine, but when I took it out again, it had become wrinkled and even smaller. We didn\uc0{\u8217}t bother to iron it though. It\uc0{\u8217}s creases and wrinkles cast beautiful shadows that reminded me of the mountain ranges of Spain. Eating while admiring the cloth, I longed for home, in the same way the bowl of clean bones in Madrid made me long for my mother\uc0{\u8217}s brother, and his project of reproducing the effect of wind on his bonsai.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ever since our first meal, the tablecloth continued to shrink, as with each meal, we sat closer to each, until we almost touched elbows. At first, we strategically placed bowls, glasses, and spice jars at the ends of the cloth in an attempt to keep it flat and stretch, but as some point we gave up and simply allowed the cloth to rise and fall around the ceramic and metal of the set table, like the mountain ranges rising around my hometown of Logro\uc0{\u241}o, or to the North of Madrid.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I finished packing late at night before leaving Vienna. Nobody could see my suitcase this time splitted in two at the lower side of my bed. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have room to put the sachet of pink salt, the coffee, the rice and the spices that I had bought at Brunnenmarkt. I guess Elia left her fish and teriyaki sauce, some rice and green tea sachets too. I thought it could be useful for the next guest, especially if he or she arrived on a Sunday with no food in his or her suitcase. I wondered what this person would cook and if we should have written a recipe for it before leaving.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A very kind young man of Indian extraction who worked for the company I was going to fly with helped me at the airport. After doing an absurd simulation of transferring a few kilograms from one suitcase to another, to my backpack, to my pocket, he made his way to the check-in counter. I followed him with my eyes, kneeling in front of my dismembered suitcase, hoping he would perform a miracle so that I could get up and go home with my remnants of quinoa, my little jar of ground lotus root, in case I needed to widen my bronchi this winter, and a tin of sardines.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}