{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy09\hr13\min27\sec10}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy09\hr13\min27\sec10}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hello, my name is Tateh. T-a-t-e-h. Don\uc0{\u8217}t mock me please. This is not my real name. I mean my mom and grandma and madam Sanders call me Nik. But, well, this have a story.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Don\uc0{\u8217}t mock me please. I told you, it is true that \uc0{\u8220} Tateh is not my real name\uc0{\u8221} I said, but in fact It is my true name. I believe Tateh is my true name but \uc0{\u8220} your name is Nik\uc0{\u8221} mom says. You got it? I do not understand, if I tell my name is Tateh, why they tells \uc0{\u8220} your name is Nik\uc0{\u8221} ? Don\uc0{\u8217}t mock me. Well, this is a story that I am telling you now.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We have a tiny Shiba dog that she with me and mom and grandma live in a tiny apartment. My mom works in a beauty salon. She draws flower on ladies\uc0{\u8217} s fingernail. \uc0{\u8220} I earn good money\uc0{\u8221} she says, but we don\uc0{\u8217}t see anything yet! Each money she makes, she spends for her boyfriend, Alex and tiny Tibo, I think. Oh, didn\uc0{\u8217}t tell you? Our dog name is Tibo. Well, I was telling you. I am in home with Tibo and grandma, most of times. I wish Let this pass a year earlier and I will go to school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Three}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Well, let\uc0{\u8217}s go to tell you what was happened. Couple of months ago that I was so tiny, I mean that time I was wearing those green pants with a picture of Snoop Dogg on the legs and two wide yellow stripes on the armpits, and my grandma bought it from the big store on the street and that was on my size yet, One day that my mom get out home early morning and I should\uc0{\u8217}ve played with playstation game in silence because grandma was sleep yet and I was eating a typical cake that grandma had baked last week, Without milk! Suddenly the doorbell rang. Tibo, who was dozing dejectedly on the sofa in front of the window, jumped up and started barking.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Grandma with puffy hair and like a spring ran out of the room and ran to the door and looked out through the peephole in the door. Open door and a beautiful\uc0{\u160} tiny girl with short black hair holding the hand of a skinny old woman with glasses appeared in the door frame. She wore a pink hoodie with a picture of a mushroom with matte lips, and pink pants that were puffed up at the knees. She was with shoes with golden sequins. This was the first time I saw her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the old woman said, the little girl\uc0{\u8217}s name was Zahra. And they just came here from their own country. I did not understand the rest of what the thin old woman said. The old woman sat the tiny girl on the sofa in front of the TV and kissed her and went out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 four}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She was sitting quietly and shyly on the same sofa and was hugging a big fluffy rabbit doll with very long hanging ears. I think it is true that rabbits\uc0{\u8217} ears are long, but not so much anymore. let\uc0{\u8217}s move on. Grandma put a piece of leftover cake for her on the plate, but the girl did not touch it at all. Tibo came and circled around her and sniffed a little, then she went and laid down on the sofa in front of the window and started dozing. I started playing again and watching the girl.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She was humiliating me with her big black eyes like marbles and smiling. I wanted to quit the game and sit facing the way and just watch her. But well, it couldn\uc0{\u8217}t be done anymore!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Grandma went back to her room and started pouting. After a while, I finally decided to break the silence. I turned to her and said: What is your name? In my answer, she said something that I did not understand and she laughed. I think she spoke in their own language. I said, \uc0{\u8221}My name is Nik\uc0{\u8221} She laughed and said: Tateh! And laughed again. And she showed me to her doll with his finger and said: Tateh. And laughed again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I laughed and started playing again.}}\par
\sect
}