{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy30\hr18\min26\sec59}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy30\hr18\min26\sec59}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tawanda sadly closed his laptop slowly in despair. He had just browsed over his mail box hoping this day was different, and he would finally get a job offer or an interview call up at least. Alas, it was the same story every single day and his days were becoming way too similar for his liking with the similar routines he undertook each and single day. The only day he looked forward to was Sunday. As every Sunday, Tawanda went by the local Catholic parish to sing his favourite hymns whilst he served during the mass prayer sessions.Tawanda had graduated four to five months back, with a second-class upper division (2.1) degree in Accounting. He remembered his graduation day like yesterday, how he was on top of the world as he played Imagine dragons\uc0{\u8217} \uc0{\u8216}hit song\uc0{\u8217} On Top of the World on his way to the ceremony, how he was smartly-dressed in an elegant grey three-piece suit and even the scent of his fresh Playboy cologne he wore on the day. Four months down the line it seemed like all the four years spent in college were in vain. He scattered his curriculum vitaes and resumes all over the country. The exercise began with spirited enthusiasm as he anticipated an imminent job offer. As time goes by the enthusiasm dies and it is replaced by a huge cloud of sadness and despair. Tawanda contacted his former employer at Duly\uc0{\u8217}s and he was told the firm was in all sorts of financial trouble and were in danger of facing liquidation and as a result was not hiring but retrenching staff rather. Duly\uc0{\u8217}s is the company he had worked for during his internship year and had left a pretty good impression.Reality slowly sinks in and the unemployment rate which keep on sky-rocketing everyday cease to become a topic of banter as Tawanda realised was now part of the statistic. Tawanda in his own right is smart and industrious lad and had saved up some money from his earnings in his internship year. He decided to resuscitate his mother\uc0{\u8217}s broiler businesses and ordered twenty-five chicks for a start. To his dismay, the chicks were ravaged by illness and 12 of the 25 died which was a loss of epic proportions. A frustrated and desperate Tawanda was running out of money-making ideas in order to support his family as well as make a decent amount for himself. As such in an act of pure desperation he used the remaining of his savings on a bogus pyramid scheme. It proved a poor decision on his part as the pyramid scheme collapsed and the agents of the institution left without a trace. Poor Tawanda was devastated and often cried himself to sleep in the wake of his losses.Tawanda found solace in a peculiar place, a self-help book named the \uc0{\u8220}Daily Stoic\uc0{\u8221}, a book which preaches Stoicism and has 366 meditations on wisdom, perseverance and the art of living. The book was written by Ryan Holiday and also featured latest translations from Epictetus, Seneca and Marcus Aurelius.Marcus Aurelius fascinated Tawanda the most as he is one of Rome\uc0{\u8217}s greatest emperors and probably one of the richest individuals at that time was not immune to bad fortunes as well as life threatening ordeals during his lifetime. His favourite quote from the great emperor reads,\uc0{\u8220}Not to feel exasperated or defeated or despondent because your days are not packed with wise and moral actions. But to get back up when you fail, to celebrate behaving like a human-however imperfectly- and fully embrace the pursuit that you have embarked on.\uc0{\u8221}Tawanda felt this at a very deep level and came into terms with everything that has been going on his life. From the failed business ventures and joblessness, he should be not too hard on himself and realised the need to pick himself up even in these tough situations. Tawanda realised like Marcus Aurelius he was not immune to negative occurrences in life and identified he needs to get back on track and crying and despair will not solve anything at the end of the day. This epiphany gave him clarity and Tawanda knew it was time to dust himself up and realised whatever had happened, whether you want to stay on track or rather for his case to get back on track, the key was to creating better habits and taking back control of his life is by through action. And with this refreshed positive mind-set, Tawanda started again and opened up a cleaning agency, where he partnered up with his friend to clean in commercial offices for a fee. To date he has clinched three contracts with three different firms and is also in the process of setting up a car wash in his neighbourhood. One can say, business is booming for Tawanda and long may it continue.Tawanda attributes his new-found success to Stoicism as he adamantly states that reading the exploits of other stoics gave him the much needed fuel to thrive in these very trying circumstances in Zimbabwe. One may not think that and feel it is mere coincidence but what do I know\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}