{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy13\hr06\min24\sec37}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy13\hr06\min24\sec37}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Teen Mother by Mistake}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Bob, was a handsome boy who decided to get married to his beloved finance he loved from the university. According to the African cultures, he should have gotten ready to go and pay a visit to his family in law where they had to discuss on the dowry requirements. Bob was ready with everything and decided go and give his dowry so that the family should allow them to officially get married.\uc0{\u160} After the dowry, they he got married a month later. Bob and Benita, faced a certain problem in their marriage, this problem was all about missing a child. They did all that could be possible to be done to solve this problem but in vain. They kept on praying and consulting doctors here and there, then after ten year God gave them a beautiful lady called Goodwill. They were very happy in to hold their first child in their hands.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Goodwill was raised as a princesses because of the conditions under which she was born. Bob and Benita were experiencing their first year of parenthood that they appreciated a lot. When Godwill reached 3 years old, they couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help keeping her at home that is why they sent her to a kindergarten school where she spend three years after which she went started the primary school. She needed to spend eight years to be done with primary school. When she was done with her primary school, she started secondary school. Meanwhile, she had already reached fifteen years old and started presenting the signs of adolescence.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Before sending her to secondary school, Bob and Benita got a certain opportunity to talk to their unique kid that was already a teenager about the risks that she runs due to the age she had then. Benita took the speech and expressed herself this way: \uc0{\u8220}Goodwill, I would like just to remind you that you are our unique kid. We got you after years of marriage I and your father, to get was a great consolation that God gave to our family. This is the reason why you can see that we are sending you to the best schools in the city so that you may get the better education ever. The reason behind this sacrifice we are doing for you is that sooner or later you might be someone important in your life and serve your country as well as the humanity. Now that you have reached fifteen years old, I would like to tell you that there is a possibility for you to get pregnant because you are growing up. Suppose that you get pregnant, I\uc0{\u8217}m not sure that you can reach the goal that you have already set for your future. Consequently, you need to avoid all those bad habit to get accustomed to boys that can have a certain pressure to you and make you not to reach your objective. I think that you understand that.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Goodwill was very happy on these pieces of advice from to her by her parents and promised not to deceive them. When she started the secondary school everything went on very well up to the third year of the secondary school when she met with a handsome boy that fallen in love with her. Goodwill couldn\uc0{\u8217}t resist the power of love, this made her to forget about all the promises she gave to her parents. They falled in deep love that they have been having sexual intercourses regularly. One day, Goodwill could realize that there was something that was happening each moth that couldn\uc0{\u8217}t happen that very month, she told her beloved and they realized that Goodwill was pregnant. The boy couldn\uc0{\u8217}t accept that news and she decided to run away from the town.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When the pregnancy had reached six months, she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t keep it a secret any longer. One day her mother realized that there was something not normal. Goodwill, are you fine? Her mother asked. Goodwill responded saying that she is fine. But she kept on asking her that she was somehow obliged to tell her mother that she is pregnant. Then, she started crying asking for forgiveness for what she had done and also because she didn\uc0{\u8217}t respect her promise. Then Benita reported to her husband and they both decided to still keeping her no matter what she did. When the time of giving birth reached, she did so and she gave birth to a boy. She couldn\uc0{\u8217}t keep on studying, she was obliged to interrupt because of taking care of the baby. Unfortunately, she didn\uc0{\u8217}t stop that, she kept on loving boys, that she was pregnant for the second time. When the boy who made her pregnant heard that his beloved is pregnant, he decided to marry her. This is the way she got married and couldn\uc0{\u8217}t go on studying anymore and all her dreams couldn\uc0{\u8217}t come true because she became a householder.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}