{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy24\hr14\min35\sec18}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy24\hr14\min35\sec18}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 THANKS FOR NOTHING}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I received the email just as I expected. Unlike in the instance where you are anticipating a call up from prospective employers, on this day it came from the bosses at the time. It had been half a year as a call center agent for one of the biggest telecommunications company in Zimbabwe. The subject of the letter was more than a hint which and on that day I smiled like an idiot.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We all have people around us whom we are comfortable to confide. Concomitantly it is also possible that you are not willing to share how you got knocked down. If there ever will a day that changed my life it is this day. Six months since the incident in January I can at least managing pouring it out now.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At the time I was staying in Craneborne, one of the southern urban suburbs of Harare. Tino, a girl from the same hood had been sent by the gods to rescue my life from the shackles of unemployment. Even though the main reason I approached her is remotely linked to how the story turned out \uc0{\u8211} she is gorgeous. Tino works as a trainer at the call centre and she played a pivotal role in me getting the opportunity for an interview which got me the job. She was not responsible for how things would turn up.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In Zimbabwe unemployment rate continues to spike up leaving the youthful demographic flooding the streets and scavenging for a living in a status quo I would like to term \uc0{\u8216}hustlenomics\uc0{\u8217}. At this workplace I thought to myself that I would excel but not everything is as it seems. Employees out of wedlock did not frown at the PM shifts as we understood those who could not work until 2300hrs when the shift ends. That gave me a good number of friends who were almost the same age. The likes of Chelsea and Kudzai who I also do not wish would read this story.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Inbound calls at this company rained cats and dogs on our receivers. It was exciting as well as tiresome. Days passed and months went by. They renewed our probation contracts much to everyone\uc0{\u8217}s dismay because the remuneration was measly and hopeless. This is despite that the company\uc0{\u8217}s services were and remain the most sought after by millions of subscribers to the network. Enduring late night shifts meant every other thing I needed to fulfill would be swallowed up by the time you get rest, which only happened when you had a day\uc0{\u8217}s off once every week. This could be why colleagues at this center were taking enhancers from alcohol to cannabis as there was no chance you would be able to have time with safety and health officers who were supposed to have sessions with the workers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Customers always made sure representatives had a torrid time because to them yes it makes sense that they deserve value for their money. Should the employer be more lenient to the employee? I genuinely thought so. When I eventually discovered that it was not going that way, my productivity started deteriorating. To an extent, my consistent low scores had everyone thinking I have the protection of a high ranking human resource manager within the system. It was shear protest from the injustice and having to accept reality.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When the year started, we waited for new contracts and yes they came in with the same conditions. Everyone at this point had concluded that I am just an insider because how was I getting a contract renewal with the level of insubordination that made me famous from corner to corner of the company\uc0{\u8217}s perimeters. It went on to take 11 days before I signed the damned contract which was enough to communicate the discrepancy. I wrote back the longest letter which Shakespeare could have turned into a best seller detailing how we had mutually agreed to part ways.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since then, I have redirected my focus towards my writing passion, realizing a newfound sense of purpose and fulfillment Their letter-head read \uc0{\u8216}Contract Termination\uc0{\u8217}. I returned the favor with \uc0{\u8216}Thanks For Nothing\uc0{\u8217}.}}\par
\sect
}