{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy26\hr18\min19\sec20}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy26\hr18\min19\sec20}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 found a friend request from a guy called Ivan on social media, and checked his profile picture. I found him so handsome and attractive. I accepted his friend request, and he inboxed me. I replied, all excited. Definitely I wanted to hook up with him. He set up a date for us to meet and get to know each other in person. At first, I thought it was one of those social media bloggers because the guy was too good to be true.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a Saturday evening when we agreed to meet up the next day for dinner. Early the next day, I got my outfits all ready for the evening. When it was a few hours for the date, I dressed up in my golden silk dress with my white pair of heels. Sprayed on my perfume and I was smelling good. I put on makeup- fresh breath and my new weave.He takes me for lunch at one of the best hotels in Kampala city. After the dinner, he took me for drinks at Thrones, one of the best clubs there was. We had a great time. He rubbed my hand, made me laugh, and gave me these cute smiles. One thing led to the other. I stupidly fell in love. It was like I had known him forever. He took me to his apartment, made me feel comfortable and laid me on his bed. Kissed me passionately and I loved his aggression, strength, power and finally I gave in. It felt so good. I knew it was wrong, but it felt good.I asked for protection, he said it was too late. I obeyed and didn\uc0{\u8217}t disturb. He whispered to my eyes that he loves me and I didn\uc0{\u8217}t hesitate to say I loved him too. He hit it nice and slow. Afterwards, he went to the kitchen to get a glass of water. He helped me drink it, oooh man. I felt so special.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}He must be the one,\uc0{\u8221} I thought to myself. I got dressed. He picked my bag and escorted me to the taxi park.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He kissed me on my cheeks and said.\uc0{\u8221}I had a great time.\uc0{\u8221} He gave me a good amount of money as my transport fare. I smiled and said,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Thank you so much. See you, tomorrow babe.\uc0{\u8221}He stays silent. My taxi drove away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the taxi, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t stop smiling.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I got home and inboxed him to say that I got home safe. He was online but didn\uc0{\u8217}t reply.It was unlike him, so I inboxed him again. And he still didn\uc0{\u8217}t respond. Minutes later, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t find him on my friend list. Only to find that he had blocked me. I tried getting in touch with him by calling and he had added my number to the blacklist.Days, weeks, months passed by. There was still no sign of him anywhere. I started feeling sick, weak, and I was losing so much weight. My mouth was so sore. I immediately went to the clinic. Got tested and minutes later, the nurse walked in and said.\uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m sorry. You\uc0{\u8217}re HIV Positive and Pregnant!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}.HOW ?\uc0{\u8221} I didn\uc0{\u8217}t understand. Reality hit me. I walked home very scared and confused. I went to the bus stop and laid hopelessly and emotionlessly. I saw death coming nearer. I looked into the sky & mumbled a prayer. \uc0{\u8221}Dear father in heaven. I know I have sin against you. I feel so lost without you. I turn to you Oh Lord God. And I pray that you show me the way from now on.\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} Till now, I am paying the price for my actions. Am alive physically but spiritually am not living. My only reason in this life now is to wait for my child to come into this world. So that I can offer her the best life that I can and guide her so she never goes down the wrong path that I went through.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This is to my readers out there\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}.. Don\uc0{\u8217}t be me!!! Live well. Stop Chasing Material Things. Stop chasing SPONSORS!!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Be A Girl You Want Your Daughter To Be!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 TO ALL THE LADIES.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 LIVE A LIFE}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 NOT A LIE.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u2009}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}