{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy23\hr16\min43\sec37}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy23\hr16\min43\sec37}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 8 days ago, Rance received a new community member and today is the naming ceremony.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is a new born in the family of Muigai. Muigai, who has a young family, is now welcoming his second son. His parents have been invited and the parents of his wife Maria have been invited including all community members and those outside the community. Maria, the mother of the baby on the 8th\uc0{\u160}day after giving birth she is not yet strong and the ladies in the community are always at her side assisting her with anything she may need. The birth of a baby is an important event as well as the day of giving the name to a baby which is the 8th\uc0{\u160}day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Did you already get the birth certificate: asks Kale, a friend of Maria who is not of the same community?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}\uc0{\u8217}I will get the birth certificate after naming the baby and at the first clinic \uc0{\u8216}\uc0{\u8217} Maria answered}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Muigai and Maria despite coming from total different cultures, they get along very well, perhaps because they were brought up in the same environment. Muigai is from East Africa while Maria is from Central Africa. According to the culture of Muigai the first born is named after the grandfather of the baby on the side of the father if it is a boy. And the second born son is named after the grandfather of baby on the mother\uc0{\u8217}s side. In Maria\uc0{\u8217}s culture a baby is a new member of the family and the community. He is unique and for that reason should carry a unique name that is different from his mother and father. Mostly in Maria\uc0{\u8217}s culture the names are given according to seasons and current events or a name just pops up in the mind of the father and he says that ancestors have inspired the name. Because it was the second son now all attention was turned to Maria\uc0{\u8217}s side.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At that moment the guests started to arrive and the beginning of the ceremony was marked by an elder in the community signaling to everyone that the ceremony was about to start.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The elder\uc0{\u160}had a stick and an empty glass bottle, when he tapped on the bottle with the stick it produced a sound that drew attention to where it was coming from. In that moment everybody stopped talking and looked at him. He briefs them about the order of the day and says that today they will eat mukimo, a specialty of the Kenyan cuisine which is regarded as a staple food \uc0{\u160}and served and cannot miss in special occasions such as this.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While there were other kind of food like njahi ( black beans ), yums and nyama choma, Maria had requested that they make a lot of mukimo because it is her favorite food.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To make mukimo one needs pumpkin vegetables, potatoes and boiled maize, and a little salt and onion, and little oil. The women in the community had woken up early to prepare that. Normally it takes at least three hours on the stove. They had gathered early in the morning to make fire outside to put mukimo. While preparing mukimo one needs to boil patotaos and vegetables together and boil separately maize. When they are both cooked, then another sufuria (saucepan ) is brought to fry them . First you put little oil, then onion, and maize and vegetables and potatoes then mash them. After fifteen minutes, it is ready to serve while it is hot. Mukimo is known to give energy hence they chose it for this occasion to give back energy to the mother and to strengthen the community.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This particular day, at around 11 the guests received an appetizer in the form of tea for children and ladies and a special type of drink that has alcohol and that is made locally and called urwarwa. \uc0{\u160}Urwagwa is made type of white wine that is made locally and not so much commercialized. And is made from fermented banana and is very sweet.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The elder then who acted as the MC of the day, at 1 O\uc0{\u8217}clock announced the lunch hour.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Children were served first. A big mat was spread on the side and they brought a big plate and the children sat down and surrounded the plate and an adult was with them to make sure that each one ate. It is also a way of teaching children to share.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Secondly the men in the leaving room were served, including few ladies that were present, sitting on chairs, each on his/ her own plate and forks. The ladies who assisted in the cooking went to the room where the mother and the baby were to eat from there and encourage mother to eat and keep her company. Children had a hard time eating since mukimo was hot and they ate with their hands. The adult that is among them helped them by putting in each hand a small portion of mukimo that is not very hot using a small spoon. The mukimo was hot and smelled good and everyone enjoyed it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After eating mukimo the baby was brought to be named. Everyone cleaned their hand before touching the baby.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Maria is still resting but the baby has been brought to the visitors. Each present visitor carried the baby and said out loud the name he/she would like to give the baby. Everyone had a chance of giving the name to the new born. Kale gives the name, Moran meaning the worrier.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}\uc0{\u8217}I give the name Claudisia\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} the husband of Kale says as he hands over the baby to the next visitor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everyone clapped and they said the name is good.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 People laugh and they talk sometimes at the same time which can be seen as chaos \uc0{\u160}but which people of the community see as joy and communion. Someone from the group said that this child will be rich because we are nearing the harvest season. At the same time another visitor said that the son will look exactly like his mother because their clan has strong blood and genes that dominates whoever they marry. Everyone laughed at this comment. All these comments are made while the baby is being transferred from a pair of hands to another.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And finally comes the last one to give a name is the father of the baby. At that moment everyone keeps quiet and is eager to hear the selected name. During the ceremony the father had a moment with the elders and presented the name which the elders approved.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a while Muigai commands order and everyone pays attention to what he is going to say.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}\uc0{\u8217}The chosen name is \uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} Semvura\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} meaning the one who was born during the rainy season, which symbolizes plenty and abundance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}\uc0{\u8217}Everyone, welcome Semvura\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}!\uc0{\u160} he said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And at that moment people stood up and started to dance and the party continued as the baby was returned to its mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Urwagwa was again served, plus other types of drinks such as Tusker, Pilsner, children went on to play outside and the ladies continued to serve the late visitors \uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}