{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy05\hr13\min43\sec43}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy05\hr13\min43\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was now the second day for us to travel to mukono for the prayer conference that the church had organized. So we kept on attending practice for singing and dancing to perfect our performance at the conference. Actually this event is organized every year by the church for the youth of the church from different countries. During this event, the youth would learn bible verses, perform their talents like dancing, singing, drama and football too. Last year was so fun, so I was so excited for this year too hoping it will be more exciting than last year. Everyone was excited too, last year we made so many friends from different branches of the church, it was so exciting.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The following day, we went for more practice at the church where we would meet for practice every day. It was our final day for practice for we were now left with only one day for us to travel. That day we got done with our practice early and the time left was for us to record our names in order for the people supervising to know how many people would be going, and that was to ease their planning when we are there. The event was meant for three days. As we were leaving in the evening for our homes, the bus that was going to carry us was set already at the church for the following day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The following day, we were all early at the church, all set for the travel to mukono. The supervisors arrived 30mins later after our arrival. They started calling our names, immediately your called, you enter the bus with ur luggage. I was among the first ten people to be called, so I entered and sat near some stubborn boy named Daniel. I sat on the window and he sat next to. Everyone settled in the bus, the supervisors came in Las and the bus took off. From kitgum to Mukono was like a 7 hours drive, immediately the bus took off, I slept off for I didn\uc0{\u8217}t sleep the whole night thinking of our three days stay at Mukono. Daniel kept on waking me up telling me not to sleep for he wanted someone to jazz with. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t wake up for I was so sleepy, we had not reached even half way of our destination when the bus started over turning. I snapped out of my sleep when the bus was upside down, people were shouting and crying in pain. Others had fainted and others were badly injured, I was lucky that Daniel was next to me for he was the one who pupped me out of the window side so that I don\uc0{\u8217}t get cut and instead the glass cut him. I had minor body pains but no injury at all. We got pulled out of the bus, there were two dead people and almost half of the people in\uc0{\u160} the bus had terrible injuries. Another bus came for us who had minor accidents to take us back to kitgum and another bus to rush the injured people to the hospital. As soon as we reached kitgum, we were taken for check ups and we were all okay just minor injuries. They dropped us to our homes and the dead ones were also taken to their homes and the church compensated their grieving families.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}