{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy24\hr17\min11\sec01}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy24\hr17\min11\sec01}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Absent Guard by Esperance Mukiza}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was around 11 Am in the first days of the years of 2021; the sun had started to come out; when the local authorities have loosened up some of the restrictions of confinement. It was barely two months after the declaration of the end of corona confinement.\uc0{\u160} It was in the season of rains.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the neighbourhood of Sia in Rance area\uc0{\u8217} ;a small town just in the outskirts of the city in the highlands of the northern part of the region, that is surrounded by big mountains facing Kilimanjaro and various little hills where cattle herding is the main activity, things became hard in the times of corona. People were not prepared for confinement and the locals were preparing to manifest in order to demonstrate their opposition/ anger to the strict rules of corona including confinement\uc0{\u8230}Fortunately the start of the year started with good news of loosening down on some of restrictions and in particular confinement. People who were passionate about their work started to dream again going back to work. Imagine this for a second!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day , in the middle of the night of the second half month of the 3rd month of the year, the unthinkable happened. Very early in the morning people started to gather outside a particular shopping court. It seems that the previous night there has been a burglary and the attacked commercial house was missing its glass windows. The owner of the commercial court had woken up early to go and report the matter. Little was done in this matter. Everything takes time in this area; even response to emergency cases takes time. Welcome to Rance area.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The said attacked house/ shop is found in a commercial court where the guard is a lady in a compound of several commercial rental houses and being the start of the year people have spent\uc0{\u160} so much to celebrate the end of the year and some have forgotten that the new month is coming with some responsibilities. It is during this time that the neighbouring areas experience cases of theft , insecurities etc but never in Rance are. It seems like some position themselves and ready to take part in those activities in the name of sharing resources.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This particular day a thief who is passionate about his work saw an opportunity to use his skills and decided to attack a shop inside the commercial court. He came in the wee hours of the night and started to break the door and when he did not succeed he proceeded to break the window using a big wooden stick. Because it took time , some of the neighbours started to hear the noise outside. One particular neighbour heard the noise before others and proceeded to alert others including the\uc0{\u160} owner of the premises/ the commercial court by calling him and sending others messages. He immediately came with a group of young men . Upon hearing that thief ran immediately and quickly. He passed through the wooden painted fence. He broke through and was able to escape before being caught.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The guard of this commercial court is not trained. She is one of the relatives of the owner and since she was in need of assistance the owner decided to give her a job and briefly instructed her on what to do. Her tasks includes to collect rent payment receipts , receipts of utilities , examining if running water taps are working properly . And that inspection was done once in a week.\uc0{\u160} Additionally to the tasks was guarding the premises. She had one pair of the guards uniform which was not very well fitting but the hat was well adjusted on her head. And occasionally she would touch it in order to emphasize a point and\uc0{\u160} command respect. Indeed she was respected!\uc0{\u160} She was a great guard, enthusiastic and everybody loved her. Thank God the times have changed even women in this area which is known to be conservative are able to occupy some posts previously reserved for men. It is no longer a taboo for a lady to become a guard! Angy was liked her job and she tried to do her job as best as she can. While she wanted to do her best at work, her other responsibilities of raising two sons singlehandedly sometimes would take over. Many were times when she was torn between being the best mother and fulfilling her duties at the commercial court as a guard. In such cases she would miss on her duties without even communicating. This is how things are done here.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the day of the attack, the guard was not around. The next morning the news had travelled like a fire and people had gathered all over asking what happened. Normally Sia area is very peaceful and rarely a violence is reported there but now it is strange and everybody wanted to understand what happened. People had gathered at the commercial court. The guard who was not around the previous day day came late as usual. Upon realizing the issue she took over immediately , but before this ; she got briefed by one of the onlookers/outlookers who had arrived on the scene before of what happened before taking charge. She gathered people and started to push them away to one side and taking control. She singled one among the people who was there . It was one of the tenants who was surprised and at the same time afraid. A young man in his mid 20s . He came slowly hesitating abit. And Angy started to narrate how the thief came and what he did. She told him \uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} you should be careful, now that thieves haves started to come and you really need to be careful. After addressing him with authority, she left him there to go and inspect the rest of the premises. Things were happening quickly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Trembling, Adam asked : \uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} tell me what I can do please?\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}. He wasn\uc0{\u8217}t sure if she heard him correctly. He continued to stand there his mouth open and his hands on his head in an uncertain manner\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A few minutes later, she came back to warn Adam again. This time She made her statement heavy. She started to narrate how the thief came, what time he came and what he did. How the thief used a big wooden stick to break the gate and then the windows of one shop in the premises and how it was hard for him to break the door. And how he decided to break the window instead. She continued telling him what he did exactly\uc0{\u160} how and how it all happened. At some point she would jump\uc0{\u160} a little, turn showing him how it went. Finally, she convinced him once more by showing him by pointing to the broken wooden fence. and true to her words the fence was broken. This young man was awe, confused, afraid and hopeless. He tried to talk, his mouth opened, no word came out, he was not able to talk, touching his head he became helpless in front of a guard who was absent the previous night.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Later on,\uc0{\u160} he asked her what he should do. Improvising she came up with a quick answer and said to him:\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} come and see me tomorrow\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}