{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy09\hr14\min32\sec02}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy09\hr14\min32\sec02}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The abused husband}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It not only rains but also pours. Grace lost both her parents when she was about to be enrolled into an administration college. Her parents died while coming from the market shopping the family groceries. After the death of her parents, Grace had no one to pay her tuition fees. She started looking for employment with the certificate from secondary school. After looking for a job for close to three months, she got lucky and started working at a certain bank as a cleaner. Life completely changed and at the same time, she had many responsibilities of taking care of her three siblings. Many sugar daddies scrambled to be in a relationship with her, but she refused all of them. At the end, she got married to a man whom when he was sober, was a nice person, but was a devil.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Grace never new that this man was a drunkard. The man pretended to be a nice person for a year. Troubles started when Grace was eight months pregnant first child Grace for him. That day, her husband told her that he was coming, as he wanted to meet his friend at the nearest bar. Grace waited for Dube, her husband until morning. Dube returned home the following day in the afternoon but very drunk. Grace was surprised to see him in such a manner. The following day, Grace discussed this with her husband. Dube apologized that he will not do that again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After two weeks, Dube never showed again, and this became a habit of her husband. Grace reached out to numerous individuals for advice, hoping to prompt a change in Dube, but her efforts proved futile. . Despite Dube\uc0{\u8217}s recurring absences and irresponsible behavior, Grace often found herself forgiving him, driven by her enduring love for him. In addition, Grace was most of the time depending on her job as she used to use her salary only to support her family. Dube used to squander his earnings on beer. He used to take loans without telling his wife and spent the money on beer and slept at bar with prostitutes, and sometimes vanishing for weeks at a time. Only upon exhausting his resources would he return home empty-handed. Dube\uc0{\u8217}s immoral lifestyle led him in contracting HIV/AIDS. Grace also got the virus through her husband.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Grace lost the job at the bank. Her life shattered, leaving her with no stable support system to lean on. She kept staying with the abused husband. People judged her as to why she was still with the man who used to abuse her. After two decades of enduring abuse, Grace found the strength to break free from her marriage, taking her children with her. She started doing business, and she takes good care of her house and children too. She heard that her husband died due to lack of care.}}\par
\sect
}