{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy26\hr19\min40\sec26}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy26\hr19\min40\sec26}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the society where I live, there was once a program where people could learn about digital skills, which assisted the local community to update their abilities and knowledge so that they could work online. The class then began with over fifty students learning a program called the freelancing course; it was stated that after obtaining skills, people would be working online and earning money, and the class began with enthusiasm.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The program attracted a large number of students since it aimed to alleviate poverty among those who are skilled and those who want to learn. Dobe and Matipa were curious on the online working, on day it come a certain organization called Crowd one, where it was said that one invests one\uc0{\u8217}s money and would be generating revenue. Dobe and Matipa invested in Crowd One, they tried to welcome more people because the more people adhered on one\uc0{\u8217}s link the more money one would get , they tried to find a big number of people who became members on their link.inspite of working hard, they could claim weekly rewards and no access to withdraw the cash. Years came and pass but withdraw process was still complicating. They eventually found out that they were scammed. at the beginning they were showing them that it is easy to gain money throw Crowd one but the process of withdrawing the money was almost impossible. Nevertheless, there came another link from a different online investiment company whereby Dobe and Matipa also invested their money and continued to be scammed. Dobe and Matipa \uc0{\u160}were very disappointed by the online deals and could notany thought when it came about the online stuff up to a level they were not any more listening to any proposal which talk to online biding, then it came a call for application of a new program at Jesuit Refugee Service called Digital Inclusion Program, whereby people was learning about how to work remotely and earn money. At the time Dobe and Matipa were best friend, and they were the among the first one to register to learn. \uc0{\u160}The learning journey began.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Students were first expected to learn from 8:00 AM to 4:00 PM with one break, which was difficult for the majority of them because they were used to two or three hours of learning per day in our setting while they must look for food and other necessities, which is why many do not study the entire day; it become a battle for some to quit before the finish bar because the opportunity was a good one not to miss as we are living in an environment where there is no jobs, but due to the problem of lots of responsibilities some dropped out. Others began to be discouraged because they were hoping to start earning money in few moment, while it needs to be skilled and learn some professional courses to be ready to confront the online journey. Saying that we tried many times online working by suggesting product to customers via email earning up to two thousand dollars which was not withdrawable, so, the number continues to fall due to the uncertainty of the online stuff.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Working online was like a lie to most of the students, but, some among them start believing and worked differently at school; the first was Dobe, and the second was Matipa. Dobe, was the first to arrive at school and the last to go back home. Yet, he was committed to finish his work while some of his mates could have failed to work on the exercise or assignment given by the facilitator. who was not Dobe, and he was also the first to ask for help from his classmates on a topic that he did not understand very well.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Matipa was initially committed, but not in the same way as Dobe did. On her side, she was working in an average class where she could work on her stuff but not enough, sometimes she was in trouble because of a\uc0{\u160}bad physical condition, and\uc0{\u160}otherwise she was used to suffer from an\uc0{\u160}eye illness, which makes her not to be concentrated on her studies.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As they were introduced to the online works, it came another opportunity for which one does not have to spend one\uc0{\u8217}s cash but one\uc0{\u8217}s time.but without success they became victim again of scam on an online platform, where Matipa was asked to provide her Bank details and send some money for her to withdraw the money earned on advertising product online and referring people on the website.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dobe , he found a certain woman on Facebook and she told him that she was already aged and she was looking for someone to become the inherit of her property, and she suggested that he should send her the details which she needed so that she could be able to complete the document required, following the procedure Dobe rich a certain level where he was asked to send the money to someone who will provide one among the documents they were looking for.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 fortunately, Dobe denied to provide other money at the time he was asked to send the money. after accumulating the lessons on how to behavior in the online world and learn about different styles of scams, Dobe and Matipa understand and remembered their cases of being the victims of a such kind of online activities.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then, the learning process was completed, so all of the students who completed the program were introduced to the online platform where they created their profiles and began searching for jobs. and Dobe continued to be committed as usual as he was in class, and he began earning money while being trustworthy to clients by completing the work well. Sometimes He could even pass the whole night without sleeping, the raison is because of not being in the same time zone with clients, all he needed was to respect the deadline, for him to gain trust from clients.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dobe\uc0{\u8217}s life changed as a result after a few months of being visible on the platform; he bought a plot, a car, and eventually decided to be married. Working hard to gain skills and knowledge require in order to work in an online easily without being scammed like Matipa and Dobe pays off.}}\par
\sect
}