{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy26\hr19\min52\sec07}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy26\hr19\min52\sec07}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the African norms, marriages are just for sleeping and waking up, giving birth and raising children and then ageing together. Romance and expression of feelings are rarely done. For instance, many of the African couples hardly kiss, or hug each other. They only hug each other when they receive good news and the hugs are not usually tight hugs but the distant ones. The husbands only puts food in their wives\uc0{\u8217} mouth\uc0{\u160} when they are really ill, and they don\uc0{\u8217}t do it because they are trying to be romantic but because they are asked to do it by the doctors due to their helplessness. One could say it\uc0{\u8217}s kind of like sympathy towards their wives. If you the husband opening a car door for his wife, it means the door is faulty and the woman is unable to open it. The only thing that makes an African man touch his wife\uc0{\u8217}s neck is when she complains of having a fever and funnily he won\uc0{\u8217}t touch it again till the next fever. The only time when he carries his wife in his arms is when she\uc0{\u8217}s in labour. When you see them seated outside the house together, don\uc0{\u8217}t think they are being romantic. They are simply waiting for the smell of the insecticide to vanish. Wives tend to show some love only when their husbands are hospitalized. And they do this by cooking food and taking it to the hospital and have them eat it. The only time they race together is when there is danger and everyone is running. The only time they take strolls together is when they are going to the garden or to go and lay a complaint to the parents that beat their child or got their daughter pregnant. The only time a wife looks closely to her husband\uc0{\u8217}s eyes is when he complains that something has entered his eyes. Unfortunately this is to say, Africans feel\uc0{\u160} like any romantic man is being controlled by his wife hence making them scared to express themselves.}}\par
\sect
}