{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy05\hr11\min08\sec19}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy05\hr11\min08\sec19}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 8115 Vilakazi Street, in Soweto Township, South Africa is among the world\uc0{\u180}s most famous and visited single streets. The reason is: it is the only street in the world where two Nobel laureates have lived, namely Mr. Nelson Mandela, the world\uc0{\u180}s most famous political prisoner, and The Reverend Desmond Tutu.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 However, that\uc0{\u180}s not the usual tourist-history-hype story I\uc0{\u180}m bringing but something that has always fascinated me in recent times about Vilakazi Street each time I go there to eat. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 Today, a single street that was once replete with authentic, colonial-dormitory 1950s-red brick two-roomed homes in a humble African township, has been so commercialized that on some rusty private homes\uc0{\u8217} gates you\uc0{\u180}d see electronic billboard advertising flights to England 7000miles away or Citibank logos. Vilakazi Street was supposed to be the experience of that authentic African township, laid back, arty, and not overly commercial.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 First, today, visitors to Vilakazi Street, walking on foot traffic can\uc0{\u180}t peer into the courtyard of the famous rectangle-red-bricks colonial house where Mr. Nelson Mandela lived from the 1950s without dozens of photographers, spotting the latest Nikon DSRL cameras, ambushing you for a $5 film photo that you have not requested. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Sir, just $5, a portrait mode of you,\uc0{\u8221} they will gawk at you, showing you the display on their DSRL cameras, having already photographed you without your permission. The harassing nature of the photographers means you\uc0{\u8217}ll reluctantly part away with $5 and let them print out your picture. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 The photographers of Vilakazi Street are a symptom of something that Vilakazi Street has become today, gentrifying consumerism, if I may call it. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 I say so because, today, the streets surrounding Mr. Nelson Mandela and Bishop Tutu\uc0{\u180}s historic colonial-era houses themselves would fool a first-time visitor that they are in the prestigious Ru de Bac dining district of Paris, not a foot-beaten dormitory African township created in the 1930s to forcibly house Africans and separate them from \uc0{\u8220}whites.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u160}Now, today in Vilakazi Street, high-end catering and clubbing corporations and banks have bought out the African two-roomed red brick houses and converted them into three-story clubs that resemble Monaco or Dubai party scene. Despite the place being colloquially known as Mandela Street, it is even arguable if the Mandela family\uc0{\u180}s historic home itself still belongs to the Mandela family because the Mandela family home itself is plastered with adverts for global, corporate security firms like G4S. If Mr. Mandela was to live again today, he would not recognize his 50s house and street.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 A sneak past the trendy restaurants of Vilakazi Street today, back-street families near Vilakazi Street whose 50s houses are old, parched yet surrounded by affluent tourist traffic, new glitzy nightclubs, are catching on to what is happening around them. They are converting family homes into Airbnb rental units.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The houses in the front of Vilakazi Street used to bag all the money before Airbnb came,\uc0{\u8221} Gogo Sinyolo, 55, tells me of her decision to convert her entire home into an Airbnb rental unit to catch the tourists visiting Vilakazi Street. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m only left with a room for myself.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 Vilakazi Street was supposed to remain an organic, historical African township avenue reminding generations of a dark time that occurred in the 30s. But consumerism and gentrification have got the better of it. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}