{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy21\hr17\min39\sec57}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy21\hr17\min39\sec57}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Bicycle Taxi Man by Habibi}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Isiah supports his family by delivering passengers on his bicycle. He spends this money on sending his children to school as well as purchasing food, clothes, and housing for his family. He is a dedicated man who has no alternative but to work as a pedicab driver on his bicycle to support his family. He is also the most dependable form of transportation for both tourists and materials or commodities. He is a kind man with a caring heart who always goes out of his way to make his passengers feel comfortable and protected. He is a guy of dignity and integrity who will never fail his family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Isiah is a guy of integrity, dignity, and dedication. He has always been a decent parent and husband, working tirelessly every day to care for his family. He gets up early in the morning, cleans his bicycle, and checks that it is in good working order before beginning his daily duties. He is occasionally dispatched on an errand to transport a product across a vast distance, but he still does it since he is handsomely compensated. Even when it is pouring severely, he remains visible to guarantee that he does not lose consumers to competition.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tuesday, the market day, is one of his finest days. On this day, numerous individuals contact him in order for him to bring their items to the market. Bags of grains, cartons of cooking oil, and a bale of garments are among the items he transports on this particular day. He was able to deliver items on his bicycle and even utilize it as a tax. He\uc0{\u8217}s madly in love with his bike. His bicycle was stolen at one point in time, and this was the most terrible experience he had. He was in such bad shape that he began transporting things to the market for his head\uc0{\u8217}s customer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He was so saddened by the loss of his bicycle that he began seeking for it. He was relieved when he discovered it. However, when he tried to ride on it again after two and a half weeks, it did not operate correctly. This made him upset since he had to utilize the little money, he had saved to fix it. He returned to work with a smile after two days. He customized his bicycle such that even from a long way, everyone sees that it is his bicycle passing. His children have been able to attend school because of the money he earns from his hobby. Despite the fact that he has been able to provide for his family, He supports his children with all he has; his children have always been the most brilliant students in the class.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Their instructor admires them for their brains and exemplary school behavior. This has given Isiah the strength to continue fighting for his family, knowing that one day, when they are no longer refugees, they will glimpse the light. He rides his bicycle with his kids to school every day before going about his business. Even though other children mock his children for being carried on a bicycle that is intended to transport commodities and other stuff, his children are unconcerned. His children have witnessed him as a dedicated father.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Even while he was unemployed, Isiah was always there for his wife and children. He is not the sort of person who would walk away from his family in a difficult moment. Isiah is a dedicated man who will not stop until he achieves his goals. He has always been there for his family, even when they were at their lowest. He\uc0{\u8217}s been through a lot, yet he\uc0{\u8217}s always managed to keep his head up and keep pushing forward. This world is fortunate to have people like Isiah who would go to any length to guarantee his family has food on the table.}}\par
\sect
}