{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy17\hr16\min29\sec47}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy17\hr16\min29\sec47}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Beast Nightmare}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I feel so embarrassed to say. Why did i even stay and allowed my pride to go astray? Chasing all my dreams away without a glimpse of care. I am done hating myself and blaming it on me. It all happened when i was 8 years old. When i was tender and cold. My mama raised me to be a trophy daughter to replace her sorrows with laughter. She Single handedly raised me because my daddy ran away didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to have me. He said he wasn\uc0{\u8217}t ready for all the responsibilities which i will come along with. My mama struggled through thick and thin to make sure that i stay alive and grow. She had to do everything possible without my daddy\uc0{\u8217}s support so that i can survive. Imagine the pain and hardship that she went through as a single mother regardless of our poverty lifestyle. I can feel her tears every night when she could come home empty handed. She sacrificed her happiness selflessly for my sake. I watched her died when i was 8 years old. I had to be taken and raised by my uncle who was 58. He had a good life and i was so overwhelmed to see the beautiful house and delicious food we were eating. He was living alone in a big mansion and that made the two of us when i came in. He could give me gifts when he returned from work. He bought me many toys to play with in my room. He gave me a luxurious room. He promised to take me to a good private school. I smiled and looked up the skies hoping to see my mum and promise to make her proud wherever she was. One night at around 2am as i was asleep, my uncle opened the door and walked in my room. I just felt hands touching the whole of my body. I woke up and saw my uncle sitting on my bed. He told me to keep quite and continued to touch my private parts. I tried to scream but he overpowered me and closed my mouth. It was the beast nightmare of my entire life. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe my uncle could do such a barbaric act to me. From that moment, my life hasn\uc0{\u8217}t been the same again. }}\par
\sect
}