{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy15\hr16\min03\sec55}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy15\hr16\min03\sec55}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The brush to our life image}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember the time they named me prefect}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then in my sixth grade when all I knew was that I was not able.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember going home to my mother, crying}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Pleading with her not to force me to take the position.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I knew I was not able}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Slow, worthless and Irresponsible}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 These were the words written against my name in the dictionary.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had never known confidence, hence had cocooned myself in my little world where I took comfort in settling for less.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Like a tree buttressed in the rocky ground, I once stood firm on top of the class}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However a ring bark was cut from me and I began to wither.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The more I tried to water it, the leaves kept falling.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With no solution to my predicaments, my confidence took an exit .}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I took identity with every negative word thrown at me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I myself would then reverb those descriptions over and over.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Till they defined me to a point I was unsalvageable}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Slowly I was painting a future for myself in the most dull colours.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the heart of this abyss I realised.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That it is I who holds the painting brush for my future.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One with the ability to either create a kaleidoscope or an image that lakes life and vision.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I made a choice, I had to turn around from my thinking.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Whether if I am between a rock or a hard place,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I stand bolstered in full confidence and belief.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For we hold the keys to our destiny}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And through our own efforts and drive can we recognise them.}}\par
\sect
}