{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy01\hr16\min19\sec53}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy01\hr16\min19\sec53}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nyika town had a beautiful serene and good weather. One winter came with its twists and turns. On one of the weekends, myself, my husband and my daughter Nana, we were invited to visit our friends. They had invited us for a braai and drinks. They lived down the lane just a few minutes\uc0{\u8217} drive from our house. Nana was only two years old at the time. We got in our car before starting off; it could not start. My husband was surprised since the car was serviced just few days ago. He dropped off to see what the issue could be.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Uh, you know I went to service this car just yesterday,\uc0{\u8221} my husband was confused.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Really, so what could be the problem?\uc0{\u8221} I enquired.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know,\uc0{\u8221} He then answered.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He came back again and started it. We were all happy. As we were going to the Zumba\uc0{\u8217}s residence, we stopped by Platinum Mall to get some drinks and Meat. We did not want to go empty handed. On our way there we passed the Elephant Rock side some fogs covering it. Nana was sleeping all the way.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 These types of gatherings used to happen in the neighborhood. We got there and found all our neighbors already there. We were about four families. Everyone cheered to us. \uc0{\u8221}Welcome home, Nana.\uc0{\u8221} Jessica said while carrying her. She was the one who invited us all on that day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the day went on, women found themselves in the kitchen making salads, and men were outside the house braaiing. The kids were upstairs, playing with toys. Nana did not want to go play with her friends. She stayed with us for a while until she disappeared.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Nana! Nana, where are you?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160} I shouted as I walked to the stairs while looking for her. She could not answer me. As I was going through the corridor, I was Just hearing some laughter up the stairs where her friends were playing. She did not respond. I peeped through the window I could see her red jacket floating in the swimming pool. My heart skipped that moment. I rushed outside to see what\uc0{\u8217}s that jacket doing outside only to find out that it was my daughter Nana had drawn in the swimming pool. That was the beginning of my daughter\uc0{\u8217}s bed ridden journey.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I screamed as I jumped in the water \uc0{\u8221}Nana, mama!\uc0{\u8221} My mind could not process at that moment. She had drawn in the swimming pool. Everyone came out of the house to help. It was my husband and friends who came to carry her. I could see how anguish on his face was right from afar.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What happened to Nana?\uc0{\u8221} My husband curiously asked. I could not answer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Oh, poor Nana, we did not see her going out.\uc0{\u8221} It was Jessica, one of the family friends who answered.\uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u8220}I think she left us in the kitchen we thought she had gone to her friends upstairs and her mum went to look for her.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There were so many questions on this day until to date that were left unsaid.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We tried to do the first aid but could not see any pulse. She was not in a good state. I could not help it to hold my tears. she could not breath. I got panicked and felt like going to the toilet. Mark, a family friend, rushed to get his car which was parked outside the gate. We all got in his car and went to the hospital. The doctors came to get her, but their faces could tell how hopeless they were. At that moment, I prayed for Gods healing mercies and sang a song about million little miracles. It worked wonders. I swear. They tried to resuscitated. We could now see a pulse .}}\par
\sect
}