{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy29\hr10\min55\sec32}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy29\hr10\min55\sec32}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The beauty within}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All she\uc0{\u8217}s ever wanted is an eye that sees her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To be showered with love and attention and embrace a feeling of belonging.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To grow in normalcy and never have to fight for everything.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yet each day is a test waiting to fail her path to life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She, like a servant at a fort, must obtain clearance in order to enjoy the warmth of the household.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Always having to explain herself as her initial statements are misunderstood.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Cynicism is labeled on every good she tries to perform.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After all, she is not her seed; she can only get half a loaf.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her advocate has his loyalties divided.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Rendering him unable to vindicate her from her adversaries.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She now has to learn to set boundaries.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a world meant for her to be a princess, she feels abducted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The absence of the one who bore her depletes her self-esteem.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the wind blows, so she goes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With no one\uc0{\u160} to establish her steps, confusion finds its bay.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She is vulnerable to vultures waiting to feast on her beauty.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her friends\uc0{\u8217} lives are televised versions of what should be.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The tender love and care she can only subscribe to but never experience.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She has already accepted her fate; the spirit of a strong black woman lives in her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She lives a limitless life as she focuses on the beacon ahead.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She is like a gem in the rough, surrounded by dirt.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Concealing her beauty with judgment and deception while remaining untough}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her facets are hidden, yet to shine, awaiting rays of light.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Who can dig her out with care and a gentle design?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With every touch and every care, her radiance begins to shine.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the attention natures her esteem, so her beauty sprouts.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The polish of love and gentle hand smooths the scratches of injustice off her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Revealing the brilliance she had planned.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Like a diamond or a pearl so fine,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She emerges with a divine beauty, lighting up the shadows around.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her worth, no longer hidden from sight, shows direction to clueless voyagers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Shining brightly with a radiant light, she becomes the Guardian Angel.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Let us treasure and nurture with care.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The gemstones that are hidden there,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With love and a gentle touch,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They\uc0{\u8217}ll shine forever, with such beauty.}}\par
\sect
}