{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy01\hr19\min22\sec40}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy01\hr19\min22\sec40}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b The Burden of abandoning home}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On Christmas and New Year\uc0{\u8217}s Eve, you were dressed in a glorious new season outfit, a pair of shoes, a shirt, and a trouser. Your family would sit in a circle on a mat because chairs and tables were not enough. You would share drinks, feast on your traditional food, cite stories of love and laughter, and reflect on what went well and what went wrong over the years. You would then pledge allegiance and forgiveness against wrongdoing. Outside your home with other children, you would parade the neighborhood clapping hands and chanting Merry Christmas and Happy New Year in front of any home. Your greeting would be responded to with a handful of sweets which you would share among yourselves. Any house that didn\uc0{\u8217}t respond to your generous greeting would be assumed not ready for the special season.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was ten years ago when you last spoke to your father. You were in the capital city, Juba, for three years when your nephew took you to school after you almost dropped out of the fifth grade because you had no support to continue your learning. You were the only child in a polygamous family of ten to ever sit in the classroom. Your father in his youth was said to have sacrificed so much for his family, a weight of responsibility bestowed upon him by cultural expectation after his father\uc0{\u8217}s death when he was barely a teenager. Your family is not your children and your mothers but anyone who traced its way to the long lineage line is a member of your family and you were bound by love, care, and generosity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The messenger who was to deliver your message to your father walked a foot-day distance from country headquarters to your ancestral village. He was one of those villagers who came to the town to see how tall the latest erected network structure was and experienced the magic of talking with people who are not in sight through a phone call. You told him that there is something good that you need to discuss with your father because you think that your father may decline the message, perhaps, for a reason that the people at home were refining their crops for storage and were about to move the cattle to the cattle Camp.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Charnyakuech received the message and he was so enthusiastic to come to the town. It puzzled him anyway to speak with you from Juba, a city far away from his village where people measure the distance per hour on foot. Still, he needs to witness the talk that has filled the village too, with so many turns and tunes reviving any conversation even during their strenuous work. A wind of change is seeping through his place of birth, maybe the whole land, for the country has concluded the referendum that gave birth to independence. He was born and grew up in that village for the last fifty years. Apart from being a family man, he fought wars; wars during the liberation, and also in defense of the clan. He has a heroic heart, he might not be a national hero but he is your family\uc0{\u8217}s hero.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Your father left at cockcrow, it was dark but he was directed by those stars which shine from the west during winter in the intercession of the moon and later vanish when the sun comes to torch the village. He traveled and climbed to the path of a recently cleared wide road along the Jonglei Canal\uc0{\u8217}s mound bank before he felt the sunshine on his head. As the sun slowed down with slight heat on his left side, he decided to rest to pass the night at his maternal uncle\uc0{\u8217}s home, a suburb of a two-hour walk from the town. He arrived midmorning at your nephew\uc0{\u8217}s home in the county.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The call took so long as if to travel a distance. His voice shook your ear in sudden wonder. \uc0{\u8220}\uc0{\u400} jin Pey, gad\uc0{\u228},\uc0{\u8221} he said in a resonant voice whether you are his son, Pey. You excitedly broke into excitement, \uc0{\u8220}Ca\uc0{\u817}a\uc0{\u817}rnya-ku\uc0{\u400}c, \uc0{\u611}\uc0{\u596}kca\uc0{\u817}a\uc0{\u817}r\uc0{\u8221} addressing him in the color of his bull. The black bull he was named in praise per the custom came with his elder sister-Nyakuich\uc0{\u8217}s dowry. People call you different names to praise you, they call you Wurnyang, Gatluoy, and Mayik but only one name suits him. He called you Jokdeel.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You named yourself after a white-black stripe-head he-goat at adolescent age. It was for the love of this goat that you mastered all the bleating sounds of all the goats at your home, you identified all the braided ropes you use to tether the goats. Your childhood view was sharpened by these goats, you once marveled at a mystifying experience and rushed home to inform the adults that cows were grazing on grasses instead of pulling leaves from the branches of the trees, and the grown-ups laughed at you and called you a fool.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After the great moment passed in hurling praises, you hit the nail on the head by telling him the reason for your call. You needed a computer, a laptop but you had to teach him what a computer was and why it was important to you. He was responding in agreement at your half-baked knowledge and your clarity of lecturing him a lesson from the world that is passing him by. You told him that a computer works like a phone and has a broad and rectangular face smaller than his goat skin. He always rolls down whenever he needs to sit on the floor and he folds if he needs to go. That you could read books using a computer and the computer could also be your teacher.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After you paused, he asked you if you were still talking and you said no, it was his turn. Even before his reply, you can guess the expression on his face, he was inhaling heavily and he might be drawing his eyelash up and his facing was forming some creasing which distort the horizontal tribal scarification that run at close intervals on the top of his ear and dashed parallel to the point of the other ear. He cleared his throat and let out a dry yawn. \uc0{\u8220}Pey, are you hearing me?\uc0{\u8221} you said yes. He switched from calling you by your praise name because this is a serious matter. Taking a cow from his hut is like carrying an item of furniture out of someone\uc0{\u8217}s house in the city, that place will remain empty till it is occupied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His words came out thick and fast, you knew your father and he knew you too. He doesn\uc0{\u8217}t agree before contemplating any proposition for long and you don\uc0{\u8217}t relent and that keeps you in counter discussion till you win. He told you that cows are not there. He reminded you that there are not as many as you left because your brother\uc0{\u8217}s marriage took twenty heads to make forty with the relative\uc0{\u8217}s contribution. You were listening quietly. He asked if you heard that the harvest failed because the rain hung itself above the clouds. He told you that the few which were there are to sustain the people who would look after them. He informs you how educated people come home with knowledge in their heads with no accompanied wives but only to get married from where they left off. He didn\uc0{\u8217}t need you to come home one day only to stare at an empty hut.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You have nothing to say at this particular discussion but you told him that you understood his position and you would like to talk with him again in spring when they bring the cattle home and he agreed. The call ended and your desire was trashed in a world where a new world didn\uc0{\u8217}t perfectly fit in. You reflected on his words and he has so many reasons to say no. Computers are rare things attached to prestige and intellect. One saw it once in a while at our county commissioner\uc0{\u8217}s office. It was occasionally in possession of those erudite men and women who returned home primarily from outside the country and took the first step to jump over a slaughtered cow laid flat during their homecoming celebrations.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Before you reached out to your father, you convened a meeting with your nephew. He told you that your request is similar to a scenario of a young man who desires to buy a gun when he is about to be initiated into adulthood. To follow the tradition, if his father is alive, he would get a cow from his father\uc0{\u8217}s home to buy a gun. Your nephew didn\uc0{\u8217}t tell you that he had no money. The laptop was about one thousand South Sudanese pounds, an exorbitant price of 250 United states dollars equivalent. That was way before the current dilapidated hyperinflation depreciated the South Sudanese pounds into a state of nothingness, an amount of a dollar in today\uc0{\u8217}s South Sudanese money.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You didn\uc0{\u8217}t understand your nephew\uc0{\u8217}s logic in comparing a laptop with a gun but it swirled a childhood nostalgia in your mind. You were aware of the disasters guns have brought upon your society, the old and young men who were prey to bullets in your early life. The looting and pillages which were conducted by those with guns at the expense of the powerless.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You recalled one of the most extreme events that shook you profoundly as a three-year kid, a situation of an elderly mother meandering back and forth with her hands laying heavily on her head on the road that passed close to your home. She was crying at the death of his only child.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The unfortunate incident happened after three kids had a curious interest to play with a Russian Kalashnikov (AK-47) hung at the rear pole inside a cattle hut. The duo knew what a gun looked like and they were sure that it sounded like a rumble of thunder. They had witnessed how to trigger it most of the time when adult young men shot down birds flying high in the sky or on the trees or when birds drew water in their flocks. The least they know was that the gun they were to temper with would claim the life of one of them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Like all the children in the neighborhood, the kids used to construct props of guns out of tree branches and mud. They had wagged wars with other children in the neighborhood on routine bases. At their battlefields, they welded and pointed their artificial guns at their adversaries and imitated the gunfire with their mouths. Sometimes when their battle became intensified, they laid their guns down and resorted to stones.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On that fateful hour, the children convened and looked up to the gun swinging on the poll\uc0{\u8217}s protruded branch. In the froglike style, the elder boy brought the guns down with the help of the two. They planned to test for themselves whether a gun can kill. They had heard enough rumors of people dying at the barrel of guns but they need to prove whether a live bullet loses lives. With the elder lad holding the heavy AK-47, they stood in a circle deliberating on whose body should the first bullet be tested on and the verdict was handed over to the young one. The younger kid protested but was convinced that his body will be covered with a cow dung skin sheet and the bullet will bounce back without reaching his body. He agreed and immediately a gun-powered blasted. In a blink of an eye, the scene was crowded by relatives who rushed in to see what was amiss only to stare at a body curled, drenched in blood in front of two juvenile murderers.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The reminiscence of countless stories of giant men who went to fight wars in a distant land or in defense of their homeland and never appeared or some appeared with missing limbs also flooded your reticent mind. You had never heard of those similar stories told about a computer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You faltered on the ambition of buying a laptop but you hoped for one. That was 2013, and a bomb was ticking. Four months down the line, the civil war broke out in Juba, you and the family of your nephew lost everything, you fled to UNMISS Camp with nothing, everything at your home was looted and your house was occupied from that point, you had never seen your home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}