{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy03\hr12\min57\sec00}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy03\hr12\min57\sec00}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In March of last year, I started feeling pain in the big toe of my left leg. When I looked at it, I noticed that it seemed like something was inside. I took a needle and began to poke at it until I saw a small piece of plastic wrapped up. My whole body was seized with fear, and I screamed, calling for the housemaid, who came and helped me to remove it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Inside, there was a string wrapped around a small thorn. My body went cold. I called my husband, who came from where he was and instructed that I should not lose or burn it. But I had already burned it, following the housemaid\uc0{\u8217}s advice. My husband fell to the ground, crying, saying that he had wronged me. He couldn\uc0{\u8217}t sleep that night, fainting several times. Two days later, he went insane, and after he recovered, he didn\uc0{\u8217}t stay long before leaving us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But he never told me what the item found in my body was. When we went to consult a traditional healer, we were told it was a charm that my husband had placed inside me in 2017, the year we got married. It was a charm meant to steal from people in the business. I was never supposed to find it, but my husband had attempted to steal from a very powerful person on the day I found it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My life has been filled with fear since last year. Last month, the same kind of charm was found under my bed. Even when I try to remove it, it doesn\uc0{\u8217}t go away. Two witch doctors have come to my house to pray and sprinkle medicine, but it doesn\uc0{\u8217}t disappear. However, nothing bad has happened yet. But I\uc0{\u8217}m fearful because I live in this house with my child. It\uc0{\u8217}s a house we built ourselves and I feel bad when I think of moving out.}}\par
\sect
}