{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy24\hr15\min57\sec16}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy24\hr15\min57\sec16}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sahar was a free hearted girl and wanted to become a rich person one day to be able to help the needy people. With all her efforts and successes, she achieved her dream. By considering her better financial situation Sahar decided to help the charity. She understood that financial resources are very important for charities and with financial help, they can provide more services and help those who are in need.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By communicating with charity managers and discussing their needs and priorities, Sahar learned how to provide best financial support. She decided to donate a significant amount of her money to the charity so that they can advance their projects and programs and support the poor people more comprehensively.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In addition to financial donations, Sahar also offered to donate her time and abilities to the charity. She suggested to participate in the charity activities and events, to provide free consultations to the poor and because she was skilled in the field of medicine she could help people and cooperated in conducting free courses and trainings as a lecturer. Sahar \uc0{\u8216}s role in the charity foundation showed that in addition to financial support she was also able to help the poor people. Sahar was happy that her family always supported her and stood by her decision.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}