{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy07\hr08\min04\sec35}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy07\hr08\min04\sec35}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Bad News }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In 2021, the minister of defense Dr. Fred Matiangi announced in the national television that all the refugee camps in Kenya must be closed. I remember vividly it was at 7pm, March 2021. I was watching the news in Mama Aku\uc0{\u8217}s house. She was my neighbor and had two kids; Aku who was 8 years and Devi 12 years. In the news, the Kenyan government issued a 14-day ultimatum to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) to develop a plan to close the Kakuma and Dadaab refugee camps in the country. The government also threatened to forcibly return refugees to their unsafe countries. Kakuma refugee camp is a home of thousands of refugees from the African continent and beyond. Its located in the rift valley region. I have lived here in the camp for 15 years now. I fled my home country because of war. The government of Kenya claimed that refugees are the cornerstones of terrorism that always happens here in Kenya. I asked myself, \uc0{\u8220}are all refugees terrorists?\uc0{\u8221} What a panic it was in that room? Everyone was quite as if we were maintaining a moment of silence of our lives. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was such a shocking and terrifying news to all of us. We couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe what we were hearing. Mama Aku bent down in tears. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Devi: mama where will we go now? }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 (Devi asks her mother)}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Aku: where are they taking us and this is our home mama?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 (Aku added, Mama Aku busted in tears) }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mama Aku became speechless and didn\uc0{\u8217}t have any answer to her children\uc0{\u8217}s questions. Aku and Devi went to their mother and Mama Aku hugged them tightly as they were crying. I held my emotions inside and told her, \uc0{\u8220}am going mama Aku, we will meet tomorrow.\uc0{\u8221} I stood up and went to my house. When i reached home, i felt like all my energy was drained. I was too weak to speak to anyone at that point. I even didn\uc0{\u8217}t have the space of feeling hungry. There was nothing to do but fall on the bed and cry. I felt like my life was crashing under my feet. I heard some knocks on the door. I thought I was dreaming. When I opened my eyes, i was stroke by the light rays from my window. I opened my eyes slowly. I realized that it was already morning. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I got up and took a bath and kept thinking about the news that i had. Imagining for years this camp has housed people fleeing war, famine, and persecution. Many people had got refuge and even a home in this camp. Many people are also born here and this is the only place they know. This is their home. When i look back at this camp,\uc0{\u160} it has grown over time, with makeshift tents and structures filling every inch of available space. But despite the efforts of aid organizations, the conditions were far from ideal. I felt so broken because this camp has become my home. When i look back from where i came from, I don\uc0{\u8217}t even gather the courage of going back there. It\uc0{\u8217}s like throwing myself in a lion\uc0{\u8217}s den. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This decision of closing the camp came as a surprise to us refugees. For years, it had been a permanent fixture in the landscape, a symbol of the world\uc0{\u8217}s failure to address the root causes of displacement. But now, government officials had declared that the camp was a hiding place of terrorists. The refugees would be forcefully taken back to their home countries. The news was met with mixed emotions. For us refugees because we had called the camp home, the decision was a source of anxiety and also a panic. We had built our lives around the camp and a also a home. Most of us were left in disbelief and dilemma at the same time. We lost morale and hope because personally i did not want to go back to my country. The business in the camp diminished because people were afraid to invest. People were just in tears and praying for the UNHCR to positively intervene. Many people started selling their properties to the local community. Our lives became so hard because we were living stressed each and everyday. All we were doing is praying for the decision to be reverted so that we can continue living here in the camp. Thankfully our prayers were answered and the decision was reverted. It was a celebration all over the camp and went back our normal lives. }}\par
\sect
}