{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy09\hr18\min10\sec50}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy09\hr18\min10\sec50}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Too much noise is campaigning and too much silence is politics.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   The case of a close friend of mine whom I approached a few years ago without finding out what was wrong with him.This close friend of mine is called Paul Mackenzie, we are refugees here in Malawi and we see each other almost every day and we share many things together but Paul always has something that he hides very secretly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   I do everything to see Paul like the others where we spend our days, we spend every day looking for food, despite the fact that unemployment is eating away at us but we never fail to have fun, we make far too many jokes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Paul is there, he talks attentively and is above all a mockery of other people who are our work colleagues, he makes everyone feel good, he collaborates with everyone, he hates tribalism and discrimination.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   I knew a lot about him when one day I decided to ask him why he could let others make fun of him, and above all what was the main cause of his silence.My dear Paul never answered, but he would go away smiling with a very hidden air of anger.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   I often noticed this, and I was also very confused and angry inside, because I tell him almost everything about myself, but never talk to anyone about his past.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   For the first time I said to him: \uc0{\u8221}Paul, I\uc0{\u8217}ve got something to tell you, and I\uc0{\u8217}d like us to make a program so that we can talk outside our work and it\uc0{\u8217}ll just be the two of us\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Paul replied: \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m yours whenever you want, but I\uc0{\u8217}m worried about you buddy\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   I told him: \uc0{\u8221}You haven\uc0{\u8217}t worried about a thing, my dear Paul, everything\uc0{\u8217}s fine\uc0{\u8221}. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   We had chosen Sunday as the day to talk. That day had arrived, and we went to church together because we pray at the same parish, which makes us inseparable.After mass, we went back to my place and started talking.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   I asked Paul: \uc0{\u8221}But Paul, I always see you calm, but I\uc0{\u8217}ve never understood why this often happens to you, you\uc0{\u8217}re often calm and you show your stress\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Paul replied: \uc0{\u8221}Are you asking me because you don\uc0{\u8217}t understand my calmness, or because you think I\uc0{\u8217}m stressed?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m asking you because I\uc0{\u8217}m interested in you, my dear. I can\uc0{\u8217}t ask just anyone, it could be part of someone\uc0{\u8217}s private life\uc0{\u8221} I replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   With the intention of wanting him to tell me what was wrong with him that day. Fortunately, by asking him over and over again, and with more vigilant questioning, Paul understood me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   After telling him this, Paul said to me: \uc0{\u8221}I speak when I have the heaviest words than silence. The opposite of that, I stay calm, that\uc0{\u8217}s all\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   I said to him: \uc0{\u8221}In spite of all that, we all prefer that, no one can speak without reason to say nothing. I beg you Paul, if you have something to tell me about yourself or what\uc0{\u8217}s bothering you, please tell me even a little, otherwise I\uc0{\u8217}ll have good reason to fear you\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Paul: \uc0{\u8221}I never want to tell anyone about my life, as you said, it\uc0{\u8217}s a private life and I want to tell you why I\uc0{\u8217}m so calm\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Still talking to Paul, when he wanted to start telling me, I saw the fear and lack of confidence in his eyes.But even so, he ended up trusting me and opening his heart.And to Paul, still speaking, I began to say: \uc0{\u8221}If you still see me in this state, know that my heart is bleeding\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Paul stopped there, and I immediately asked him: \uc0{\u8221}But what makes your heart bleed, I don\uc0{\u8217}t understand my dear\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Paul: \uc0{\u8221}Don\uc0{\u8217}t be in a hurry, I\uc0{\u8217}ll tell you everything. What I\uc0{\u8217}m about to tell you has been in my heart for years, I\uc0{\u8217}ve never told anyone except now that I want to tell you, and because I\uc0{\u8217}ve made up my mind, even though it\uc0{\u8217}s a difficult decision\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   I replied: \uc0{\u8221}I understand and I\uc0{\u8217}ll follow you in the long run\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Paul: \uc0{\u8221}My problem is my own family.I came to the refugee camp out of fear of the abominable things that were happening in my family. I have a sister whom my mother had before she married my father. So, before my mother married my father she had a child, this sister, so my father met my mother and they got married, so this sister of mine was already ten years old.  After a year of marriage, they had me, and when I was born, my sister was already eleven years old. I was nine and now my sister is already twenty.  One day, while my mother was away, I found my sister and my father alone in the bedroom, talking to each other. That day, I took things lightly because I was still a child, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t understand a thing. But I went and told my mother.  I asked my mother why she told me every time that if I went into her room, I should knock on the door before coming in. My mother told me it was polite to do so. I told my mother that my sister was with Dad in the room today, but Dad hadn\uc0{\u8217}t chased her out and it seems that Sister didn\uc0{\u8217}t knock on the door.  My mother stopped what she was doing and stared at me intently, telling me directly and calmly not to say that to her or anyone else ever again.  Paul was telling me something secret that was hidden in his heart.Paul continued: \uc0{\u8221}I didn\uc0{\u8217}t immediately understand why my mother had told me this and why she was acting this way. It made me think that my mother and father had a hidden agenda and that they loved my sister alone.My age didn\uc0{\u8217}t allow me to understand the real truth, but three years after this incident, I was already twelve years old and my sister would be twenty-three.  One day, while I was in my room doing my homework, my own father came in and started chatting with my sister without realizing that I was listening to them from my room.  My father snuck into my sister\uc0{\u8217}s room, which was not his usual routine, very curious to see what my father wanted to retrieve from my sister\uc0{\u8217}s room when she was already an adult. I\uc0{\u8217}d already forgotten what happened three years ago.  My father spent some time in my sister\uc0{\u8217}s room and I stood in the living room to see how they would both get out of the room.When they saw me in the living room, they were ashamed and I stared at them. Ashamed, they started arguing about nothing, as if there was something they were talking about, making me believe there was some misunderstanding between them.  I waited for my mother to arrive, told her that this time it was my father who was in my sister\uc0{\u8217}s room, and asked my mother to tell me what was wrong. My mother swore to me that everything was fine and that it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t a story to tell everyone. I said to my mother, the first time you told me to shut up and I did, this time you\uc0{\u8217}re telling me the same thing. I want to know, if not, why did dad and sister fight when they went out to the bedroom?In the meantime, my mother\uc0{\u8217}s heart exploded and she started crying right away. I myself started asking my mother not to cry\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Until then I felt pity in my heart, I imagined a very difficult life with Paul. I wanted to tell him to stop, but I was the one who had told him to tell me the truth about how calm he was. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t tell him to stop and I started to encourage him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Paul continued: \uc0{\u8221}my mother stopped crying and I asked her why she burst out crying, my mother didn\uc0{\u8217}t say anything but she promised me everything at an opportune moment. I told my mother that she didn\uc0{\u8217}t have to tell me that he was going to make her cry. My mother told me to watch the front door of our house for anyone who might be there, so I watched and told her that no one was there.  My mother asked me to sit down and asked me to keep what she wanted to tell me a secret as long as I was in the house. She told me there was an abomination in the house, my mother spoke to me bitterly and with pain, she began to tell me everything but nothing.She said: \uc0{\u8221}I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want you to know what\uc0{\u8217}s going on in this house, me and your father stopped expecting each other a long time ago, I haven\uc0{\u8217}t lain next to him since you were four, from my mother.  The beginning of all this was when my in-laws wanted me to give your father a second child, even though I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t, according to the doctor. I told them I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know anything, but they wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t listen.  They declared that even the child I had before your father\uc0{\u8217}s marriage would belong to them.On this subject, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have a word to say. I asked the in-laws to give me a second chance to see if I would have a second, that day I had promised many things that I myself didn\uc0{\u8217}t trust.  Everyone was angry with me, days went by and I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t been able to get pregnant, your father had gone to see his family and spent several days there.  When he came back, he behaved in a way I\uc0{\u8217}d never seen him behave before: he didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to talk to me anymore, he only spoke to you and your sister.  That didn\uc0{\u8217}t shock me much at first, but soon after, his behavior went way too far and it shocked me to my core, and to this day I see your father as an enemy of mine. That was when I caught him sleeping with your sister, my daughter and his daughter, even though she\uc0{\u8217}s not of his blood.  Since that day, your father and I haven\uc0{\u8217}t waited for each other, we\uc0{\u8217}ve separated but never divorced.  I stayed with your father because I wanted you to grow up. I shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t leave without you. My in-laws would kill me for stealing you, they\uc0{\u8217}d hunt me down wherever I had to go. I have no one to help me as you know my family is not complete.  Today your sister who is my own daughter is the mistress of my husband who is your father. She aborted several of your father\uc0{\u8217}s pregnancies before my very eyes. I lived a very difficult life as a child.  I\uc0{\u8217}m able to tell you all this because you\uc0{\u8217}ve just discovered it yourself, but I really had no idea of ever telling you.My child doesn\uc0{\u8217}t fight the truth, the truth remains the truth forever. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how to win, but I\uc0{\u8217}m not ready to lose either, especially in your presence.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   My mother stopped telling me this. I felt very guilty about her words and especially about my sister\uc0{\u8217}s story. I hated her to the point where I saw her as cursed when we used to get along well.  Every day it was now war with my father and my sister in our house, my mother didn\uc0{\u8217}t like it and she begged me, saying: \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}ve observed your behavior, you didn\uc0{\u8217}t listen to what I told you, I told you that we don\uc0{\u8217}t fight the truth, now you do, you\uc0{\u8217}re going to get us killed.Today I can\uc0{\u8217}t talk to your sister, she\uc0{\u8217}s free, but your father, that\uc0{\u8217}s another story.  Listen carefully now, your father is sleeping with your sister and he\uc0{\u8217}s done everything possible to stop me communicating with his family, with the aim of taking possession of your sister.  An ambitious man is capable of anything and your father is determined and will do anything to stay with your sister rather than anyone else.  I want you to go further away from here on your own and never come back to this cursed family again, stay calm if you have to, change names, if this story ever gets out of this house I don\uc0{\u8217}t want you to live this moment, you mustn\uc0{\u8217}t believe in anyone, who would you believe in if you can\uc0{\u8217}t believe in your father or your sister, a curse has hit this family and you can still have your place\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   I asked my mother if he meant we should leave together, but she told me I\uc0{\u8217}d be going alone without her. I asked her what would happen to her after I left, and she told me she\uc0{\u8217}d seen much worse than that.At the end of my mother\uc0{\u8217}s strength, I arrived here in the refugee camp with little chance of being alive rather than dead. I haven\uc0{\u8217}t heard from my mother since, I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how she\uc0{\u8217}s doing, whether she\uc0{\u8217}s still alive or dead. I worry every day, I think about my mother every night before going to sleep, I pray for her.  Whether she\uc0{\u8217}s dead or alive, she\uc0{\u8217}s stronger than I\uc0{\u8217}ve ever seen her.Since I\uc0{\u8217}ve been here, I\uc0{\u8217}ve never told anyone this story, I\uc0{\u8217}m doing it to you because you care about me and I feel great as I\uc0{\u8217}ve just freed up space in my memory, today I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to cry anymore.  Thanks to you my dear, thanks to you I want to be able to feel comfortable remembering this day\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   After Paul had put a stop to those he had experienced, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t ask any more questions afterwards. I finally understood that there was a good reason for his calm and he deserved silence, I understood him very well, I carry Paul\uc0{\u8217}s burden, I never want him to be alone again, I don\uc0{\u8217}t give him time to remember his past. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   I benefit from his wisdom, he acts like a wise man, and it makes me very proud to have such a close acquaintance.It\uc0{\u8217}s also since that conversation with Paul that I\uc0{\u8217}ve understood that suffering gives intelligence and wisdom.}}\par
\sect
}