{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy22\hr00\min08\sec34}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy22\hr00\min08\sec34}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Big Threat}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By Aline SilasPeople ask themselves in life what threat have they experienced in their life but have they ever thought of threats that they have not experienced. The big threat nowadays is that the strong people abuses the weak people. In fact I believe that for the world to be suitable place for everyone the strong people should protect the weak people to maintain stability and developed community.In my community there is a big threat that the adult persons abuses the young in various ways. There is a numerous issues that shows that children and women are most abused persons in our community and the surrounding areas. Many young girls are being raped in our community by the adult ones and some by their own relatives and the lives of victims are at risk because of sexually transmitted diseases (STDs) such as HIV, gonorrhea, syphilis and candidiasis. Due to ignorance some victims hid that they were being raped and end up having HIV and it is incurable disease. This condition makes them feel shy and they isolate themselves from relatives, friends, classmates and church mates.Not only this but also due to some misconceptions of HIV that says that once an infected person sleeps with the young one then the virus is killed and a person is cured. In my community there are men who rape their own daughters because of believing that they will be wealthy.Actually this is a big threat since it is inhumane act that is supposed to be dealt with according to the laws. The challenging issue is that due to victim\uc0{\u8217}s secrecy of not mentioning the perpetuators, they remain anonymous and unpunished. Some of these victims are threatened that they will be killed with their families as well by the rapist or the rapist father can no longer manage to give financial support if he is arrested. Due to the reason of being extremely scared some girls decide to hide the issue fearing of being discriminated and stigmatized.In addition to this point, some raped girls fails to maneuver with their education due to trauma as a result they end up dropping out of school. When they stop schooling some of these girls engage themselves into prostitution which result them to early pregnancy, abortion or early marriage.In our community we need organizations that need to curb this inhumane act of raping women. We need all the religious groups and community members as well to intervene and address such issues by giving civil education to people about the worse threat can damage our community of raping women. Another thing is that the victims of rape should have courage to fight hard and report the issues to the officials so that the rapist can be punished accordingly. This can be a big step since it can help in decreasing number of cases of rape act.The community should be safe for everyone if we hold hands together and fight for protection and peace that can remove big threat that people are experiencing in our societies.}}\par
\sect
}