{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy24\hr07\min31\sec40}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy24\hr07\min31\sec40}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We stayed inside the house, with the doors tightly shut, just to have more time so that the white God could go. Eventually, Nyabuok cautiously opened the door, and we tiptoed outside, surveying the compound, the back garden, and the further reaches of the premise. We didn\uc0{\u8217}t see him. We brought the dried sorghum malt inside and moved our mud dolls closer to the house\uc0{\u8217}s entrance, ready to slip them inside should God appear again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nyamile, who had been asleep for hours, woke up and joined us. It was as if the frightening God had blessed us too because she didn\uc0{\u8217}t cry as she usually did when waking up. She now played quietly on the mat next to me, enjoying the moulded baby Nyabuok made for her. It was ugly, but Nyamile couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see it, for the beauty is not only in the eye of the beholder but in the eye of the mother as well. Nyamile smiled at her muddy baby now and then, her mouth pink from too much breastfeeding. Whenever she got excited, she sprung up and bit my cheek, drawing close with her sour milk breath. I gently pushed her away, which made her laugh more, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t like the smell, but I loved my sister. I loved all of them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The day was moving toward the evening hours and we worried that God might return if our family was delayed. Then we saw them appear from the direction where the God-like man had appeared earlier. \uc0{\u8220}Mama is coming,\uc0{\u8221} Nyabuok told Nyamile. The little one jumped to her feet and started a merry-go-round around\uc0{\u160} our compound, the ball of the rattle tied around her left leg screeching behind her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They had pots and baskets full of sorghum on their heads. My older sister, taller than my brother, led the way, followed by my brother and mother who towered above the two. My father, shorter than my mother, seemed to have stayed behind, perhaps to sleep in our other home or return late, as he often did. Even from a distance, when he decided to come late, we could hear him loudly praising himself using his bull\uc0{\u8217}s name, when he got drunk.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As they reached the garden yards, I ran towards them, with Nyamile toddling after me with her tiny legs. I hugged my mother, my sister, my brother, and then my mother again. Nyamile finally caught up and wriggled to our mother first, who picked her up.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Wait, wait, I can\uc0{\u8217}t breastfeed on the road, my daughter,\uc0{\u8221} she said, kissing Nyamile who smiled at her, showing her beautiful set of irregular teeth.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Cimaar ben, cimaar ben, cimaar ben,\uc0{\u8221} she sang along, my mother has come in Nuer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nyabuok came running too. I knew she was eager to tell them what happened, but so was I.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}God appeared Mom!\uc0{\u8221} I said. \uc0{\u8220}He was taller than you and father, and he wore grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s leather sandals. He rode a cow made of tree branches. And he was pregnant!\uc0{\u8221} I spoke as fast as I could, trying to narrate the entire story before Nyabuok could take over with her fluent way of talking. \uc0{\u8220}He was a white God, my sister,\uc0{\u8221} I said to Nyawhichtuong before we entered the compound.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Wait, wait, Gatluoy! Wait,\uc0{\u8221} said my mother. \uc0{\u8220}Nyabuok, what is this boy stammering about?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No, Mom, I forgot something, his voice was deep like our uncles\uc0{\u8217},\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes Mom,\uc0{\u8221} said Nyabuok. \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s true.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They all laughed at us. They knew the man, they met him on their way. They also knew his mission. He was moving house to house requesting children who could go and sing in the new earth-built church. But his efforts had been in vain; he kept going back to the church with no one\uc0{\u8217}s child.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Who in their right sense would allow their children to laze around singing praises to an unknown God during the harvest season?,\uc0{\u8221} my mother said after they put their head loads down.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Every evening in our mud grass-thatched home, our mother told us stories before we slept. \uc0{\u8220}Long ago in my family,\uc0{\u8221} she would begin. \uc0{\u8220}If you had a spoon, you also had a hoe. The smaller the spoon, the smaller the hoe. As we grew older, our hoes and spoons grew with us. What we harvested as a family was the testimony of our work in the field. Before droughts, floods or famine became more frequent and severe, causing crop failures, it was up to us to either go hungry or to harvest more than we could eat in a year. In the following years, if famine struck, at least the children wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t go hungry. Thanks to the extensive support among clans, food was sourced from places unknown to us. The Sudd wetland sustained us too, for if the land ran dry, fish in the water came to our rescue.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In times of plenty, when we produced more than we needed, our granaries filled to heights beyond the tallest person. Our parents sold the surplus to buy blankets, salt, and clothes for the children approaching adulthood. We could even buy goats and cows because, by the time I was born, our cattle had been raided. My mother encouraged hard work in all endeavors by saying, \uc0{\u8216}All those who eat should also bend their knees to cultivate the soil to produce food.\uc0{\u8217} My father, on the other hand, would demand, \uc0{\u8216}Listen up children, old age doesn\uc0{\u8217}t come with horns. My hair is grey, which means I am growing old, but I will never grow horns like these bulls. You must work hard because, by the time I am old and have no stamina to provide for you anymore, you will stand on your feet.\uc0{\u8217} That was when my sense of hard work began,\uc0{\u8221} said my mother, ending the story.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Nyawichtuong, it is your turn,\uc0{\u8221} Manyuon ordered. Our storytelling tradition began with the elders, down to the young ones. By the time it was my turn to tell a story, struggling for sensitive narration, everyone was asleep.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Long ago, the children of our village were born from the unborn into the world of the living, where they became the ancestors of the old age\uc0{\u8230} Hmm\uc0{\u8230} I don\uc0{\u8217}t know this story very well, let me tell you another one,\uc0{\u8221} Nyawichtuong said. \uc0{\u8220}Alright, here we go. Long ago, when people\uc0{\u160} who lived on Earth were few, a long rope dangled between Heaven and Earth. This allowed people on Earth to ascend to Heaven, and those in Heaven to descend to Earth. Our great, great, great, great-grandfather Gawaar lived in Heaven, while his elder brother Khar dwelled on Earth. Khar, on his many missions to Heaven, told Gawaar of the Earth\uc0{\u8217}s beauty, trying to convince him to descend, but Gawaar was unconvinced. Khar knew Gawaar loved the smell of cow meat. So, Khar threw a winter ritual party where he killed and roasted many cows. Smoke billowed to Gawaar in Heaven, who finally descended to Earth where he was welcomed by his brother and his family. Gawaar was happy, he ate and ate until he was too heavy to climb back to Heaven, but he decided to take a long nap first. By the time he woke up and was about to climb, a crow cut the rope high in the sky, disconnecting Heaven and Earth, and Gawaar was stuck on Earth.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Manyuon, your turn,\uc0{\u8221} said Nyawichtuong.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Alright, I\uc0{\u8217}ll tell you a story I heard from Nya\uc0{\u8217}kuich. Long before the cattle herders and the hunters, gatherers and killers roamed the same bushes, a crow, a black raven, and an earthworm were true friends. There was a party one day and they wanted to go to dance and sing. They wanted to look beautiful. The black raven was blind, but she had a beautiful necklace. The crow came and asked for the necklace, so she could sing and fly to the party.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Raven, my sister, since you can\uc0{\u8217}t see your way to the party, may I have your gorgeous necklace?\uc0{\u8217} asked the crow.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}There is no need to ask, my sister. Here, take it.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Thank you, Raven,\uc0{\u8217} said Crow, and she flew away wearing the beautiful white necklace around her neck. Soon, Raven felt a tightness in her stomach, she craved for the party. She decided she should go, even without the necklace. She wanted to sing and dance, but she needed eyes. She headed to Earthworm\uc0{\u8217}s home and found her crawling with puffy, pretty eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Sister,\uc0{\u8217} said Raven, \uc0{\u8216}I have come to ask for something that I believe you had never given to anyone, something you will never give, I know.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Don\uc0{\u8217}t make me laugh, sister Raven,\uc0{\u8217} said Earthworm, exposing her flashing teeth and twinkling eyes. \uc0{\u8216}Is there anything in this world I wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t give you?\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}My sister, I want to ask you for something big.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}What is it?\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}No, forget about it. I don\uc0{\u8217}t even want to ask.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Just say it!\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Only if you promise to give it to me.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Okay, I promise.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Sister, I need your eyes so that I can go to the party.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}What? Are you crazy, Raven? Going to the party with my eyes? No, no. You, Raven, who dance with dust and sing with echoes, you will surely damage my eyes. Do you want to give me eye problems? My eyes are red enough as they are,\uc0{\u8217} protested Earthworm.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Please, lend me your eyes, just once. I\uc0{\u8217}ll take good care of them; I will dance and sing slowly, my sister.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Okay Raven, you have done nothing but good for me. Let me do good to you now.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Earthworm unscrewed her eyes and gave them to Raven, who flew to the party.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After the party, Raven went home. She asked Crow for her white necklace, but Crow denied having it and ran away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the meantime, Earthworm tottered to Raven\uc0{\u8217}s home with a long cane to avoid obstacles along the way. When Earthworm asked for her eyes, Raven fled too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And that\uc0{\u8217}s why you can hear Raven running after Crow singing \uc0{\u8216}Muntiida,\uc0{\u8217} which means, \uc0{\u8216}Give me my necklace.\uc0{\u8217} And when you touch an earthworm, it coils up as if to say, \uc0{\u8216}No one will take the little I have from me,\uc0{\u8217} said Manyuon.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\sect
}