{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo05\dy15\hr12\min54\sec20}{\revtim \yr2023\mo05\dy15\hr12\min54\sec20}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Hey beautiful, what are your plans for the night?\uc0{\u8221} Zoe felt everything was wrong with this text but decided to play along. After all, it had been three years without trying out other avenues. And by the way, it\uc0{\u8217}s not like she was sleeping with other men. She was just being friendly. There is nothing wrong with being friendly right ?\uc0{\u8220}Ummm nothing, I am just bored sitting at home and just about to get in bed and watch a movie,\uc0{\u8221} goes her reply  over the phone.\uc0{\u8220} I am at the Avon restaurant having a drink alone and could use some company if you don\uc0{\u8217}t mind. Should I come and pick you up?\uc0{\u8221} This was Nigel, a thirty five year old politician who had been showing interest in Zoe for about a month. The two had initially met at a construction site visit where Zoe\uc0{\u8217}s father, a civil engineer, was doing business with Nigel who also had a construction company. \uc0{\u8220} The moment I saw you, my whole confidence was shattered. I couldn't even sit properly next to you. You sat there looking beautiful without the knowledge that you were torturing me.\uc0{\u8221} These were Nigel\uc0{\u8217}s words to Zoe the first time he got the golden chance to exchange words with her in the absence of her father. From then, Nigel slowly became the reason why Zoe woke up excited. He was a very busy and adventurous man meaning that Zoe already had a bucket list for his vacation. With Kuda absent, this would be the ideal time. Also not to forget, he was rich! He would throw in an \uc0{\u8220}extra change\uc0{\u8221} to Zoe\uc0{\u8217}s father when he made payments for supplies which he would instruct him to spend on the children, indirectly implying a gift for Zoe.Zoe found herself instantly dashing to the tub for a quick bath and wearing her best clothes. Inwardly, the feeling of guilt grappled her conscience but was not strong enough to induce apathy from the excitement she was in. Shortly after, an army green Mercedes Benz S class model car pulled up at her house followed by a ring on her phone to signal that the man had arrived. She told her parents that she was going to meet up with school friends, as a way of managing them, and quickly left the house before she was asked many questions leaving her Victoria\uc0{\u8217}s Secret scent blossoming the whole living room.At that moment, the thought of Kuda vanished. She was finally experiencing what she had been missing. Nigel opens the door for her, and the girl sits herself into the warm, comfortable and massaging seats of the S class. Naija love music was playing out of the high quality car speakers which then consummated the romanting mood that was brewing.Zoe enjoyed the drive to the restaurant with his new found friend. At least such a title made her feel better as deep down she would constantly think about her boyfriend. She loved him. However, wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t  her love for him have managed to stop her from doing what she was doing ?  Nigel had stories to fill up the entire journey\uc0{\u8217}s duration. They talked about school, politics, how they could potentially live a happy life together if they eventually marry, including planning a Valentine\uc0{\u8217}s trip to Zanzibar! One of Zoe's dream destinations.Instantly she liked many things about Nigel. He wore expensive clothes, talked about business most times meaning he was goal oriented and would be an ideal husband to offer her every girl\uc0{\u8217}s dream. A husband who can properly take care of you. At that time , he chose an expensive beer which also attested to his possible wealth that she hadn\uc0{\u8217}t fully explored. She fancied all this, but there was a downside to this. He did not fill her heart as much as Kuda did and she saw herself having to put up a show during Nigel\uc0{\u8217}s presence.After what seemed like two hours of laughter and getting to know each other, the gentlemen then drove the lady home, gave her a kiss on the hand and ushered her to her house entrance. Instantly, Zoe remembered what she had forgotten to do. She rushes to the house , grabs her phone and scrolls through to find Kuda\uc0{\u8217}s chat.\uc0{\u8220}Baby, I'm sorry for disappearing for some time. I was doing some errands for my parents.\uc0{\u8221} This was her first solid lie.}\par
\sect
}