{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy12\hr13\min51\sec08}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy12\hr13\min51\sec08}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a land far away lived a mignon kind of bird called Nakansisi. She was a melodious bird, and she wisfered\uc0{\u160} life as the valve of fraternity was hugely shown on earth, her whispers were giving life to the dead people, that\uc0{\u8217}s why a lot of people relied on her and considered her as a god on earth. Mostly, she took her benevolence flight above a river closer to the tree where her nest was found.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Lappi Lappi la \uc0{\u8211}pi-pi\uc0{\u8221}. This was her song she used to chant once she finds herself above the suface of the coolest river during the risen sun of the day. Nakansisi fed on the lilies of the valley.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She took flight each day, in the morning and in the evening before she went to bed. Nakansisi horoured those journeys because they were great opportunities for her to see the left egg that her sister Cirifufu left in midst of the forest located on the east side of the land. She believed that once the creature in side shell become mature, their realm could endure forever as she felt unhappy to be the only one of her species existing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day morning when the sun\uc0{\u8217}s face was showing its rays to the land, all land was calmly breathed as shaking trees were bringing out cool oxygen cares people\uc0{\u8217}s drowsy.\uc0{\u160} River\uc0{\u8217}s waves were there, upon the hills near the the river, chittering utterance were also a lot. Nakansisi\uc0{\u8217}s morning was exciteful associated with natural wonders and marvelous stuns that were beyond nor wit capacity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From the left side of her ear came on afflictive shorts. Directly Nakansisi\uc0{\u8217}s nostrils sensed mourning and she saw a deep path showed mysteries of death, but as Nakansisi was a bird that used to whisper life to dead, she flew faster and reached( landed) the place where the cries were coming from. Eventually she found her friends cadaver laying on the floor as his mother was crying severely. Nakansisi felt very sorrow and placed misericorde on her tongue afterward she dropped herself near the cadaver and put her clemency lips gently on the ears of the widow\uc0{\u8217}s son.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From her lies came whispers of\uc0{\u160} life fthat brought the widow\uc0{\u8217}s\uc0{\u160} son to life before the widow exted her gratitudes to Nakansisi, Nakansisi wasn\uc0{\u8217}t there anymore.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The news about the resurrection of the widow\uc0{\u8217}s son spreaded fast in the entire land, although it was not first ti see such miracle on the land.\uc0{\u160} Wapanga the land Wizard went fast to the land chief.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When Wapanga reached at royal dwelling, said: \uc0{\u8220} Eeeh greet your majesty, you lord of seas and mountains, you the one who forbid sorcery on your land, you the one said will kill all the descedence of a sorcer, or he or she who practices magic\uc0{\u8221}. Kalimbiro said \uc0{\u8220} who is that who want to betray the laws of this heavy rock realm that was built by powerful people and warriors of all the times? \uc0{\u8220}\uc0{\u160} the chief asked. Acoording\uc0{\u160} to elders prophecy it\uc0{\u8217}s written that one day there will come an inettable animale that will take the reign of tenth king who will be currently on reign and that creature is Nakansisi the bird of life\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160} said Kalimbiro the chief shouted severely and commanded his knihts to kill Nakansisi\uc0{\u160} and destroy every asset of it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After the actions of Wapanga. The king\uc0{\u8217}s knights went quietly at Nakansisi\uc0{\u8217}s nest and foud Nakansisi\uc0{\u160} eyes gazing at the night stars, however before they climbed the tree, Nakansisi send smells of deth and flew away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the morning after that worst night, Nakansisi went to see her sister\uc0{\u8217}s egg in the forest where it was hidden, unfortunately she foud pieces of broken egg down and its York. Lulu screamed loudly, up until trees on the land where rooted-up, houses collapsed and no pice of wapanga\uc0{\u8217}s body was found.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 During that morning of calamity, came a voice in the sky saying: because of you the Nakansisis realm fails to exist on earth again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 May peace be with you, you who curse and kill birds of life on earth. \uc0{\u8220} lappi lappi la-pi-pi !!!\uc0{\u160} Nakansisi was singing while disappearing in the skies.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} LAPPI\uc0{\u160} LAPPI\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160} LA-PI-PI\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}