{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy02\hr10\min40\sec41}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy02\hr10\min40\sec41}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The clash}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Where is the peace that we looked for here? Is there any guarantee of our safety? It was in 2014, when this unforgettable moment happened in my life. The clash between Nuer from South Sudan and Burundians. The two refugee communities faced head to head here in Kakuma Refugee camp. I have lived as a refugee in Kakuma refugee camp for more than 15 years but haven\uc0{\u8217}t witnessed something like this. It erupted from an accident\uc0{\u160} in kakuma 4. One of the regions of the camp. A burundian motorcyclist knocked down a nuer boy on his way from kakuma 1 to Kakuma 4. Just beside the road, there were small shops of Nuer. People were sitting there. When they saw the accident, they rushed and beat up the Burundian motorcyclist. When other burundian and Congolese who were passing by joined to save the guy from the beating. It erupted into a\uc0{\u160} serious fight where the other groups also joined in and the fighting commenced. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It turned out that the Nuer people were targeting the Burundians and vise versa. The motorist was serious injured and was rushed to the hospital. The fight spread into the communities. To make the matter worse, the two were living in the same area. This made them attack each other easily. It became difficult for the Nuer to distinguish between Congolese and Burundians. The Congolese were also involved in the fight. So Congolese and the Burundians joined together to fight the Nuer. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Normally the population of the Nuer is thrice the combined population of Burundians and Congolese. Every motorist on the road were\uc0{\u160} beaten up. This made all Congolese and Burundian motorist had to stop riding and join the fight. The Nuer called themselves from all the corners of the camp to one place same to Burundians and Congolese. It was chaos all over and this spread in the entire camp. It was war. Many people were injured and many lost their lives from both sides. It was a war of revenge and vengeance. The news reached us here in kakuma 1. Imagine our community is surrounded by the Nuer. We were all afraid that they will come and attack us. The worse thing is that we are few burundians compared to the Nuer. At night, we took all the women and children then hid them in one place.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Men and boys were divided into different groups and posted in all corners of the community to provide security. We were given pangas so that we will use to defend ourselves in case we were attacked. It was such a difficult moment to me. I was shivering and sweating because i had never held a panga in war and even experienced that moment in my entire life. What was going on in mind was, what will i do if they attacked us? Imagine carrying a weapon and you do not know how you are going to use it. I looked at the faces of my fellow boys and all i saw was fear. Women who were hidden were praying. Miraculously the night passed without an attack. In the morning, the government of Kenya and UNHCR intervened and called the two communities for a peace negotiation. The negotiations went well and the war ended. But in the end, many people died and others were left injured. }}\par
\sect
}