{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy18\hr14\min57\sec25}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy18\hr14\min57\sec25}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is\uc0{\u160} Greenland farm in south africa. It is a sunny friday and all the fruits are gathered in the middle of the farm . The Mayor of the farm Mr. Peter ( a pineapple) is going to give his speech. He walked on stage and started: \uc0{\u8221}welcome to the annoucement party of the 5th competition among you for selection of the best and giltedged fruit. The winner will be the chosen one for a dreamy and eternal life.This is a great chance for each one\uc0{\u160} of you to embrace the warrior inside you and work hard to be eternal !!!\uc0{\u8221}Max ( orange) looked at Marco( orange and Max\uc0{\u8217}s best friend) and said : This is really getting boring it has been\uc0{\u160} 3 years that Carlos( banana) is winning the trophy back to back.This is so unfair!\uc0{\u8221}Who knows maybe this time an orange will win the trophy , I believe that if we work hard and show our abilities and talents we can win this time. \uc0{\u8221}Marco replied.Max said: No, The fact is that we have to try to be like Carlos. We have to exactly copy Carlos; His work, appearance, his look, his charachter even his taste.\uc0{\u160} That is the only way for us to win this time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Marco said: \uc0{\u8221} but I think it is no necessary to be a banana to win, we didn\uc0{\u8217}t work hard enough in last 3 years but if we work and train maybe this time an orange will win the trophy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} come on Marco , you dont understand these things; I will figure this out.\uc0{\u8221} Said Max}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} fine but dont do anything stupid okay? Promise me\uc0{\u8221} said Marco.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Okay promice\uc0{\u8221}. Replied Max.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Max was thinking about this whole night.\uc0{\u160} He was staring at the stars and thinking : how can\uc0{\u160} I steal Carlos abilities? How can I change the destiny which was written for me at the begining which was being an orange or how can I change the law of existance and creation? During these years I have never seen one fruit to change in to another one.How lucky is Carlos? He doesn\uc0{\u8217}t need to be another one. He was born perfect in everyway.( life can be sometimes very brutal. The same was for Max that night. He was punishing himself for a decision which was made for him and he didnt had an impact on that; him to be an orange and Carlos to be a banana\uc0{\u8230})}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Next morning,\uc0{\u160} Max\uc0{\u8217}s mother told him to go to the Garfields Garden( A garden in nieghboring of Max\uc0{\u8217}s farm) and bring some green leaves . His mother was redecorating the balcony of their living room with green leaves.Max set off to go to the Garfields garden. As he was walking suddenly his eyes fell on Mr. Krunberg\uc0{\u8217}s hut.Mr. Krunberg is one of the oldest residents of the farm. He is an understanding, kind person with extraordinary abilities. According to some people, he had a strange ability in magic and tricks in his youth. Max used to visit and play with Mr. Krunberg when he was a child.Max thought Mr. Krunberg may can help him. He walked in Mr. Krunberg\uc0{\u8217}s hut. He saw that Mr. Krunberg was playing with his colorful birds outside his home.\uc0{\u8221}Wow look who is here to see me , our little Max is now a young and fresh fruit. You got a great orange color. Congratulations to you my friend.\uc0{\u8221}Said Mr. Krunberg.\uc0{\u8221}Yes but I wish I could get better qualities too\uc0{\u8221} replied Max.\uc0{\u8221}Dont say that , you have great qualities too. Your freshness ,great colour and your character is uncomparable among other oranges.you have a pure heart and you are extremely talented in sports for oranges .you have your own unique qualities\uc0{\u8221}Said Mr. Krunberg\uc0{\u8221} But is not enough to win the\uc0{\u160} Eternity champion. It has been three years that Carlos is wining the prize. I have realized that to be on the top or to be seen, it is necessary to be a banana. I have decided to be like Carlos. I wanted ask you to show me a way on how can I be Carlos?\uc0{\u8221}Said Max.\uc0{\u8221} Hmmm\uc0{\u160} I still insist that you have your unique abilities and creativity but it looks like you have made your decision.On your question ; I have to say that yes; I do have a trick to change you in to a banana. But I have to say that I can only change your apearance but not your inside. You will be orange with a banana look . Do you accept that? you cant be as fresh as a real banana .\uc0{\u8221}Replied Mr. Krunberg.\uc0{\u8221} Yes!!100 percent. I just know that to be selected I have to be a copy of Carlos. \uc0{\u8221}Said Max happily.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr. Krumberg gave a sad smile and walked upstairs to his kitchen.Few minutes later he came with a glass filled with a shiny bluish color liquid and said:\uc0{\u8221} This is the mixture of magic. It is for the ones who want to change into another one. If you drink it you will be another Carlos.\uc0{\u8221}Max took the glass and slowly said. \uc0{\u8221}I am sorry Marco. You told me to not do this but this time I cant let Carlos win . This time it is my turn\uc0{\u8221} and he started drinking the mixture. His head started spinning and suddenly he fainted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When he opened his eyes he realized that he is in bananas yard. He was now a banana!! Carlos and his friends were walking infront of him other bananas also were preparing for the competition. Max decided to prepare like them and do exactly what do they do.Days passed and the big day came across. It was the competition day and every one was waiting to see the winner . Audience were shouting the participants names and participants came one by one on stage. Among them there were also Carlos, Marco and the new Max.Max saw Marco who was sad because his closest friend Max was disappeard days ago.Mr. Peter\uc0{\u160} walked on stage and started: welcome to the 5th celebration of choosing the best fruit of the year. We welcome our juries( who are humans) to evaluate the abilities of our contestants.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All the contestants came along and showed their abilities.After alot of discussions ; humans made their decision and chose the winner.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Max was very excited. He thought he is definitely the winner.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr. Peter took the paper and said: Hmmm this year is full of surprises. The winner of last three years is not the winner anymore. For the first time in last 10 years an orange, Marco is the winner!!!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everyone was shocked even Marco couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe that.On the other side Max; he was totally shocked. How can this happen? How can Marco win? He was the one who tried to be exactly how Carlos is? How can that happen?He ran out of the farm and started crying . He sit next to a lake and started thinking\uc0{\u8230}.Suddenly Mr. Krunberg came and sit next to him and asked:\uc0{\u8221}What happened Max my friend? Didnt things go well?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8221}I just cant understand why? I was exactly like Carlos. I did exactly what he did. What was my mistake?\uc0{\u8221} Replied Max.Mr. Krunberg said.\uc0{\u8221} it is because you tried to be a banana and if an orange be a banana he will always be a copy of banana but if you were an orange you would be the original one. You are now a second hand banana although you could be the first class orange.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This is also the story of some of humans. We always try to be another one, to copy exactly how another person is or does although each of us are the unique creatures of our kind. If we put hard work and improve our careers we can easily be on the top without needing to copy others. There is a diamond inside each of us which is very unique.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ofcourse we have to do the good things that other people or successful people do and copy there work or study routines. We have to be a more good person day by day. but sometimes we also try to do exactly\uc0{\u160} how another person is or does ; for example I am a quit person and I\uc0{\u160} want to help people by cooking good food but my friend who is more talkative and wants to help them by teaching . I can improve with being the way I am if I copy my friend I cant enjoy mylife and I cant be successful in my career because that person is not me ,that is my friend\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}