{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo05\dy05\hr08\min08\sec39}{\revtim \yr2023\mo05\dy05\hr08\min08\sec39}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I went to a butchery on a Thursday to purchase some meat. In Lilongwe, this butcher shop is well-known. Since the meat they sell is fresh, many people refer to it as \uc0{\u8221}M\uc0{\u8217}nofu butchery.\uc0{\u8221} When I went to purchase the meat, I overheard two individuals arguing over money. Conflicts were occurring between the employer and the employee. The employee worked for the employer in a seven-hector garden where the employer grew tomatoes. Normally, I don\uc0{\u8217}t like to look at individuals who are arguing, but on that particular day, it was different.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I moved forward to hear why they were quarrelling. They were having disagreements over the money that the employer gave the employee and didn\uc0{\u8217}t show up for work as he promised. The employer was asking the other guy to return the money that he gave him. However, the employee was refusing to return the money and told the employer that he will never show up for work since he is being disrespected publicly. This made the employer\uc0{\u8217}s anger raise so much and they started insulting each other.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The most dangerous thing is that these the employer was drunk and he was also holding the bottle of beer. A certain man came in between them to tell them to stop what they were doing but they never listened to him. He advised them to part ways and talk about it the next day when they are both calm. Instead of listening to this man, the employer started pouring beer in the face of the employer. The employer got very angry and decided to look for a stone to hit his boss. His boss followed him and wanted to hit him with a battle but the guy started running for his safety.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Instead of the employer leaving his employee alone, he run after him. The employer was not luck since the employee got a chance to grab a stone from the ground and hit him on the forehead. Immediately, the employer fallen down while bleeding a lot. People around there thought that he has killed him. The employer run away and no one knows his whereabouts. The people around where the employer was laying volunteered to take him to the hospital. He was luck that the injury did not reach the brain and he went through the treatment. He is now doing fine and the case was taken to police.}}\par
\sect
}