{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy04\hr12\min06\sec11}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy04\hr12\min06\sec11}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I missed my flight last month at Kamuzu International Airport on my way back home to Blantyre city. I literally saw the huge bird take a giant leap into the sky. What a horrible experience that faced. I had to be in Blantyre for my sister\uc0{\u8217}s birthday.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Madam, where were you delayed? Asked one Airport staff.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was stressed and could have almost shouted at him. But I faked a smile and lied that I thought the flight was at 9:10 am instead of 8:10 am. The truth is I underestimated the traffic from my hotel in Lilongwe to the Airport. I felt embarrassed that I could be so unaware of time as to miss a flight.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I weakly walked to the Malawian Airlines counter, defeated in spirit with a head full of thoughts.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Can I change my ticket to the afternoon flight? I asked the man at the counter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The afternoon flight is fully booked. We won\uc0{\u8217}t know until 3 PM if there are any dropouts, he said calmly, but it felt like a final blow to me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I really needed to be home for my sister\uc0{\u8217}s birthday because I missed her last year birthday.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Fortunately, the morning\uc0{\u8217}s flight had available seats. As a relief, it only cost me MK17,500 to change the ticket to tomorrow morning.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I called my driver to come back and decided to walk outside to wait for him there. I accepted my fate and started cancelling all my Blantyre meetings to make sure that my little sister is happy that I was there for her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I was busy on my phone, I heard a voice call me from behind.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hey madam!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hi! I replied to the excited lady.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She was a random person who saw my face familiar and we hit it off like we had known each other for a very long time. I explained to her how I had missed a flight. She laughed and said, \uc0{\u8221}On Tuesday, I was on the same flight with you from Blantyre to Lilongwe. I was just seeing off my little sister to Blantyre too. She is on the flight you missed. What are your plans then?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I told her my immediate plan was to book a room at the hotel again. With so many people in town due to the ruling party\uc0{\u8217}s convention, most places were booked to the limit. I had struggled to find accommodation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She offered me a lift back to town, and I accepted because my driver was taking long. So, I told him to return. As it turned out, my hotel was fully booked. She suggested that I check out a certain apartment in Area 43, Lilongwe.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Along the way, we delved into work. She was particularly interested in what I do aside from what she knows me for as a random person. I told her I run a non-profit organization focused on sexual and reproductive health and rights with a key focus on HIV/AIDS prevention programs. The name of the organization is Maziko Anthu Village Project.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She looked at me in shock and excitement. As it turned out, she works for an international organization that is supposed to subgrant $5,000 to a local organization. That\uc0{\u8217}s 9,000,000 Malawian Kwacha. She was tasked to find an organization but struggled to find one, and she said she had prayed to God to help her find the right organization. We went to her office and exchanged documents. Just like that, I won $5,000, and in two weeks, it appeared in our organization account.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I asked myself why did I miss today\uc0{\u8217}s flight? I answered myself that I missed it so that I could meet this kind and warm lady. Beyond the money, I have also made a great friend and someone I hope will be a mentor for a very long time. The next morning, I was so early so that I shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t miss my flight. I have learnt a lesson that inside every tragedy, there are hidden fortunes sometimes. It was not right to be late to the point of missing my flight, but if it happens again to me, I will not worry too much like the way I worried.}}\par
\sect
}