{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy09\hr18\min18\sec03}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy09\hr18\min18\sec03}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 THE DAWN OF MY SELF DISCOVERY}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After having taken, under the instigation of my desire to explore both myself and the world, the whim of devoting myself to study, I spent almost the whole day conducting research. Eclectic, I read every book that came my way, starting by exploring the words in my dictionary. Sometimes I read books just so thar I could discover new words. This was how my day began in search of my true self through my researchBecause following the end of my classical school, I have been forced to stay at home almost everyday. Since my parents were unable to help me pursue my higher studies. As I have been often all alone at home, I started reading the books that I had or borrowed from both friends and relative and, searched for new words in my dictionary in order to enrich my vocabulary and thus, becoming fluent in French. Besides my friends always wanted to talk in French with me. Because French is not the language that is common to everyone here and that most of students, even while pursuing their higher studies at University or vocational school can not speak it very well not even for one hour or less. That has been also my case, since only a few people can speak it well. As they made fun of me due to my misspellings, that motivated me to work hard in order to manage to improve my skills in French and then challenging them too. Since they were not fluent in speaking it very well like they pretended it. After lots of efforts and self trainings, I managed to know it better than them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Through the research of new words in my dictionary while reading grammar, I managed to memorize lots of words that belong to several different disciplines. That helped me get into the phraseology of many disciplines and began to exchanged ideas about them with other people. As I did not just searched for words in my dictionary but also read many other books whose some of them were about philosophic teachings or compiled subjects related to many branches of science, that allowed me to begin with developing my skills, deepen my knowledge, foster my understanding about many things and begin to become more aware of my talents and capabilities. One day, I saw a book whose title was: Literary Techniques at a cousin\uc0{\u8217}s, I took it and started reading it. As I noticed that it was worth reading in a further way, I borrowed it from my cousin for a week, even if the book did not belong to him. It is thank to that book I managed to discover and enhance my writing skills and pave a way to my career as a self taught writer. As I kept reading many other books that are mainly linked to this subject and the entire writing methodology including Logic, I managed to develop my aptitude for critical thinking and succeeded in improving my writing skills and the development of my practice through trials and errors in a further way until I am finally able to write as a professional and thus, I officially started with my career as a self taught writer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since I am living in a country full of problems and many problems related to social, political, envi economical,  and human rights issues keep arising everyday and that I wrote in French while there is no support for Literature here, besides no one encouraged me in my process regarding my dreams to succeed as a writer. Then such a sad socio-political context obliged me to use the skills and knowledge I got from my research to intervene through debates in a critical way and that I used the same method through which I managed to develop my writing skills all alone in order to learn English by myself too, reading French-English grammar, searching for words in my French-English/English-French dictionary and listening for example to English music where what the singer is saying appears in my phone screen so that I could improve my English pronunciation before downloaded some applications which were useful to me in this way. Because being able to write in English would foster my interaction with the international cultural community and, as expected, I managed to realize that and began to write in English since 2016 while starting connecting and interacting with other English speaking writers worldwide and thus, I managed to build my network beyond my national borders step by step.Through my journey as a foreign writer who uses English to write alongside French, I found encouragement, awards, honors and sometimes other kind of supports in order to keep thriving my writing art in line with my vision and commitment mainly for the well being of humanity and, that allow me to further the development of my skills and carerr and straighten the road of my practice so as to help make the world a fairer and more equitable place. So, like I foresaw it, a great opportunity has been offered to me through my connections with many other cultural organizations and practitioners who share both the same interests and dreams as me, never stopped encouraging and supporting me in a way or another and that are by my side to accompany me alongside my artistic journey. Since I have a long way to go and alongside my journey, they keep helping me foster my dreams to make a very positive and significant impact on the world, on behalf of my engagement after managing to open up a pathway toward the horizon of my vision while balancing things so as to fulfill my mission by mainly sharing my voice through my writings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anyway it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t too easy for me to achieve my goals in this way. Since some people including my parents strove to discourage me so that I could give up. They were worried about me, thinking that I could lose my mind alongside that journey. But I decided not to listen to them and kept following the path of my dreams step by step, even if it was for the sake of my mental well being they tried to stop me from continuing with my research and self trainings.Because, after reading a book where it is said that: our brain is like the muscle of our arms, it is fortified through training and becomes weak when we neither train nor use it. Then I built up this hypothesis:  if an athlete can lift up heavy things everyday and the muscle of his arms become stronger instead of being broken, then the fact that I am reading or conducting research everyday can\uc0{\u8217}t make me lose my mind too, but will rather help me enhance, highlight and fortify my capabilities so as to manage to discover my true self. This conclusion served me as motivation to keep up my research and self trainings despite the fact that some people including my parents tried to discourage me and, my decision to keep following my research, self trainings and the activities that are related to them is what has allowed to find more balance in life. Since that not just help me to discover my true self and become more aware of myself and my professional goals but alsohelps me discover my interests, build up my vision, find out the path where I can fulfill my mission. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anyway I became a fool through this process, but the fact is that I am a fool who is aware of my madness. That\uc0{\u8217}s why standing for the well being of humanity is enough to make dangerous. Since I managed to become more of the sense of curiosity and observation of which I am endowed with. Hence that process not just served as the dawn of my self discovery but also offers me the opportunity to explore the horizon of my need regarding my self realization.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The}}\par
\sect
}