{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy21\hr14\min17\sec58}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy21\hr14\min17\sec58}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There is this other girl called Ingabire, who happened to be the ex-girlfriend of one of my friends. We had known each other for a while, and over time, we started hanging out occasionally. It was all friendly at first, just chilling and talking about life since I respected her as someone who has once been in a relationship with my friend. One day, while browsing Facebook, I saw a picture of her and my friend together on her profile. I was taken back to old days. I knew they had a history, but seeing them together made me think, \uc0{\u8221}Is she using me to get back at him?\uc0{\u8221} Despite my doubts, I decided to confront her about it. She assured me that they were over and that they only stayed in touch because they shared mutual friendship.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We kept spending time together, and honestly, she was a great person. We connected on many levels, and I found myself drawn to her. At that time, my own relationship wasn\uc0{\u8217}t going well. My girlfriend and I were constantly fighting, and I felt lonely and misunderstood. So, having someone like her around was a breath of fresh air. Our bond grew stronger, and she was always there for me, especially when I was feeling down. She would come over, cheer me up, and we would spend hours talking and laughing. She made me feel special and cared for, something I had not felt in a long time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, she asked me a serious question. She wanted to know if we had a future together or if things would stay the same. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have a clear answer for her, but I told her that things might change. The truth was, I was afraid of hurting my friend. Even though they were no longer together, he was still my friend, and I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to betray him. Despite my uncertainty, we continued to hang out. I really cared about her and wanted to be there for her. But deep down, I knew I was walking a fine line. She deserved someone who could fully commit to her, and I was stuck between my loyalty to my friend and my growing feelings for her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As time went on, we kept spending good time together. She was everything I could have wanted, but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t remove the guilt I felt about potentially betraying my friend. One day, I finally told her the truth. I said I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t date her because I was afraid of betraying my friend. She was shocked. Seeing her hurt like that broke my heart, but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t go through with it. She was heartbroken, and I felt like a coward. I had led her on, making her believe there was a chance for us, only to pull away in the end. I realized that I had awakened her love without intending to love her back fully. It was a harsh lesson for both of us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Looking back, I regret not being honest with her from the start. I should have told her that my feelings were complicated and that my friendship with her ex would always stand in the way. Instead, I let things go too far, and she ended up getting hurt. To be honest, I was not ready to commit. It is better that I was honest and avoided unnecessary heartbreak in the future. For now, we talk rarely compared to the past and sometimes, I feel like I can give it a try and be in a relationship with my friend\uc0{\u8217}s ex-girlfriend.}}\par
\sect
}