{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy14\hr17\min09\sec30}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy14\hr17\min09\sec30}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The difficult lives of Homeless people in Johannesburg, South Africa}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is about 3pm as 50 year old Louise De Marco Vijoena starts tidying the inside of the half cut jojo tank, she and her partner call home off Denne and Springs Road in Brakpan, next to a tree. The container has hardly enough room to fit both of them, but it is all they have. Her fiance Joan Jaque brought the container one afternoon from a small dump where he gathers recycling material, she said. He cut out one end to make a door and there are no windows. The container was not the same as their old five men tent which she claims Metro police took away together with their other staff in April, but it sheltered them throughout the winter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She decorates the inside of their home well. In the middle is a mattress and some blankets. On the left hand side next to the door are her makeup things and a bible. On the end facing the door is a small table with flowers to decorate the room.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}A woman must always have her combs and make-up things handy,\uc0{\u8221} Vijoena says.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She and her fiance have been living next to the tree for five years. Until April they had a tent, before EMPD decided to take it away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Vijoena, who suffers from Lymph cancer, says she likes relaxing in the shade from morning until the afternoon. She cannot afford to travel to Pretoria for treatment. Her fiance goes out to look for recycling material at about 8 am. She cleans their place before he returns, so that they can go out together to look for food. Sometimes they go to the robots to ask for handouts, but because they hardly get much they also eat from the dust bins. When they are feeling up to it they walk all the way to the Brakpan CBD to eat at a soup kitchen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}A man\uc0{\u8217}s house is his castle no matter where it is,\uc0{\u8217} said Jaque.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Police took away our tent and our things, we may not have much but we value the little we have because we work for it just like everyone else, i don\uc0{\u8217}t know why it\uc0{\u8217}s hard for them to understand.\uc0{\u8221} Jaque lost his occasional boilermaker job due to the COVID 19 pandemic. He is now unable to look for another job because all apprenticeship certificates were lost when their staff was confiscated by police.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Our wish is to buy our own house and get married, but living on the streets has made our lives difficult, \uc0{\u8221} Vijoena says.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nearby their neighbours managed to find other tents after the first ones were taken away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Directly opposite lives Jack and Zelna Vanderwlat, in a medium sized tent. They have lived there for four years and have never had children. The couple say they also lost documents and other possessions when their things were confiscated.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Vanderwlat says he was severely affected by cement dust at a factory where he used to work. As a result he got an operation in the stomach a few years ago and now earns a disability grant. Because the disability grant is not enough they spend most of their time at a robot in Brakpan town asking for handouts.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Sometimes we stand at the robots the whole day and get nothing, life out here is not easy,\uc0{\u8221} says Vanderwlat.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The government should give us a piece of land where we can put up our tents and live if they cannot build us houses,\uc0{\u8221} said Zelna, who could not apply for the unemployment grant because she lost her ID. She says renewing the ID is not easy because she also lost her birth certificate.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Damien and Andries De Marco Vijoen are a gay couple, who live in a tent next door to the Vanderwlats. They have been living on the street for over seven years. They both live off asking for money on the robots.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Damien\uc0{\u8217}s husband goes out most of the time while he stays at home due to leukaemia. They barely make enough money to live on from the street handouts. They mostly live on bread and sometimes buy a cold drink when they manage to make extra money.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Do yourself a favour, stand at the robots for an hour and see how much you will make, it\uc0{\u8217}s next to nothing,\uc0{\u8221} he said. He believes that the government should build houses for all homeless people.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Our constitution says everyone has a right to a home. Our government is failing to provide homes for us, that is why we are on the streets.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 RATA is an organisation which runs a soup kitchen in the Brakpan CBD feeding all vulnerable persons and not limited to the homeless. While the organisation does not have stats on the number of homeless people living in and around Brakpan, it feeds up to 150 vulnerable people per day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Our target is not only to feed the homeless but all people who are in need of food, therefore we have no record of how many homeless people we cater for. We have noted an increase in people who are in need of food since the beginning of the COVID 19 pandemic with some people in Brakpan only affording to pay rent with little left to buy food. Such people come to our soup kitchen and we also cater for them,\uc0{\u8221} said Pieter Shriber, a social worker from RATA organisation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In September they partnered with Devoted Street Ministry to give the homes in Brakpan a street shower and they plan to arrange more in future.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 According to Shriber people from other towns who find themselves stranded and on the streets also come to their kitchen. He said while there are no homeless shelters in Brakpan, many resort to the streets or sleeping in abandoned buildings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the Johannesburg CBD along Nugget Street we meet two friends Sifiso Williams and Mesina Sithole.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Fighting for dustbins}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sithole originally from Masvingo in Zimbabwe, came to South Africa in 2002. He lived in one of the buildings in Joburg at first while relying on buying and selling goods in the CBD to make a living. In 2014 he found himself on the streets, unable to cope. Every morning he wakes up to go and look for scrap and recycling material to raise money for food. During the day he poses to inject himself with insulin as he suffers from sugar diabetes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Sometimes it\uc0{\u8217}s even difficult to get something to eat, going hungry is not good for me because I am diabetic,\uc0{\u8221} said Mesina. In 2014 he used to go to the Central Methodist Church to get food and a place to sleep, but says the place has now been closed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He said hustling for recycling material in Joburg is difficult because there are people who claim ownership of the dustbins and can even stab them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}A friend of mine almost died in 2020 for taking food from someone else\uc0{\u8217}s dustbin, now we stay away from dustbins and scrounge on the streets.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mesina says he values a sofa which he got from people living in a flat nearby, he guards it with his life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} At night I just lie on the sofa looking at the sky, I do not sleep for long. In the middle of the night I lie awake thinking about my children who are in Zimbabwe.\uc0{\u8221} His wish is to raise enough money to go home to his children.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Williams is from Vraed in Kwazulu Natal. He came to Johannesburg with his girlfriend in 2018 to seek greener pastures, but they have since separated. At first he used to rent a room in Alexandra but found it difficult to commute everyday because his piecemeal jobs were in Joburg. He also relies on recycling and selling scrap material. He used to eat at the Hillbrow Community Center shelter, but says people are no longer served with food there. At night he spreads blankets on the floor along Nugget street and falls asleep.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}All i want is to find a job, but it has been difficult because i do not even have matric,\uc0{\u8221} he says. In 2019 he went home to KZN when his daughter who is now three years old was born, but says he came back to Jozi. Much as he tries he cannot afford enough money to send for his child.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The City of Johannesburg acknowledged a noted increase of homelessness in the City due to the Covid-19 pandemic.Nthatisi Modingoane, Spokesperson for the City of Johannesburg, said while there is no specific scientific data on the number of people living and working on the streets due to their mobile nature, a data estimate had been made available through the work of the Displaced Persons Unit.\uc0{\u8220}Homeless people were part of the census conducted earlier in the year February 2022, however not all registered hotspots were reached. For the financial year 2021/2022 a total number of 11579 homeless people who were willing to be assisted through the City\uc0{\u8217}s Social Development, Displaced Persons Sub-Unit programmes were reached,\uc0{\u8221} Modingoane said\uc0{\u8220}The City is addressing street homelessness holistically, there is no classification or categorization of street people.\uc0{\u8221}He said several initiatives are available for those living and working on the streets of Johannesburg and are willing to be assisted through existing Social Development Programmes such as Outreach and Community Awareness Programme, Family Reunification Programme, Drug rehabilitation preparatory and placement in out and in-patient treatment centres, Empowerment /Skills Development Programme, Shelter Management and Placement Programme, Psycho-social support programme andIntersectoral collaborations.Modingoane said the City currently owns 5 shelters with a combined capacity of 750 people and is currently working hand in hand with Provincial Department of Social Development.According to Ethel Musonza of Zimbabwe Isolated Women in South Africa (ZIWISA) the organisation has been partnering with other NPOs such as Jozi Parliament and Mutungwa Service Deliverance to feed a total of 200 homeless people in the Johannesburg CBD on a monthly basis who included migrants. The organisations noted an increase in homelessness over the years due to evictions in the Inner City, job losses and heightened poverty due to the pandemic and the high cost of living.}}\par
\sect
}