{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy05\hr09\min57\sec57}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy05\hr09\min57\sec57}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The plunge was agonizingly long and slow. It felt like an eternity of humiliation and shame. He tried to flap his wings in a pathetic attempt to ascend, or at least to float but all his six wings were broken. His entire body was bloody and sore. His mind in a stunned haze. He couldn\uc0{\u8217}t even remember his own name. His blade was shattered to pieces. The sword of the divine wind was no more but a hilt clutched in his trembling hand.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The taste of bile rushed all over his tongue. He tried to open his mouth and let it out but his mouth felt like it was sewn shut. He tried to breathe but his lungs were on fire. Everything hurt everywhere. He could see blood on his hands and on his broken flapping wings. He could taste in his mouth. Blood! He had never bled before. He wasn\uc0{\u8217}t aware he could bleed, but he was, severely.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i He}{\cf0\f0  had made him bleed for the first time in his entire existence. }{\cf0\f0\i He}{\cf0\f0  had broken him, mind, body and blade, all. }{\cf0\f0\i He}{\cf0\f0  had made him feel agony, }{\cf0\f0\i He}{\cf0\f0  who was his brother, his mentor, his guide. When the betrayer rebelled, his home was in disarray, his brothers panic-stricken and their father silent. When the betrayer marshaled }{\cf0\f0\i his}{\cf0\f0  forces, a host of traitorous brothers, there was still silence. When his brothers were wailing and weeping for their lost brothers, there was still silence. And then, there was but one word. Only one word, whispered in his ear alone. \uc0{\u8220}Warrior\uc0{\u8221}. And then, \uc0{\u8220}My Warrior\uc0{\u8221}. \uc0{\u8220}You are My Warrior.\uc0{\u8221} With those divine words, where there was silence, rage began to rise. His entire body glowed in righteous wrath. Father\uc0{\u8217}s enemies must be annihilated. Annihilation, a word, a concept he never knew before and now it was all he thought of. A sword materialized in his hand and in a heartbeat, he knew how to fight, how to maim, lacerate, cleave and hue. He knew power, power to destroy and decimate with a typhoon of a thousand winds. Armed with power, blade and wrath, he flew into battle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They battled in three dimensions, three aspects of war: blade, power and words. He had }{\cf0\f0\i him}{\cf0\f0  on power and blade. The winds of his wings almost extinguished the rage of }{\cf0\f0\i his}{\cf0\f0  flames. His blade was superior to }{\cf0\f0\i his}{\cf0\f0  as they clashed and clanged. But words. Words were always }{\cf0\f0\i his}{\cf0\f0  way, }{\cf0\f0\i his}{\cf0\f0  strongest suit. }{\cf0\f0\i His}{\cf0\f0  words could shape or warp reality and bend it to }{\cf0\f0\i his}{\cf0\f0  will. And so they did. }{\cf0\f0\i His}{\cf0\f0  words warped his reality, made him question it; doubt. Uncertainty slithered around his spine like a snake. And then the snake twisted. His mind went dark. He forgot who he was, what everything was and why he was here, doing this battle. It took only a heartbeat and that\uc0{\u8217}s all }{\cf0\f0\i he}{\cf0\f0  needed to break him. }{\cf0\f0\i His}{\cf0\f0  flames raged and enveloped him in a cocoon of white heat. He tried to defend, tried to breathe and fight but to no avail. The flames consumed him. Next came }{\cf0\f0\i his}{\cf0\f0  savage strike. }{\cf0\f0\i His}{\cf0\f0  blade of flame against his divine wind. He tried to parry and riposte but }{\cf0\f0\i his}{\cf0\f0  proved to be the superior sword arm. }{\cf0\f0\i He}{\cf0\f0  maneuvered cunningly and struck mercilessly. }{\cf0\f0\i His}{\cf0\f0  blade tore through his defenses lacerating him. And when he thought he had his chance to strike back, he was proven wrong, severely. }{\cf0\f0\i He}{\cf0\f0  took one last mighty swing and the divine wind shattered upon impact. But }{\cf0\f0\i he}{\cf0\f0  wasn\uc0{\u8217}t done with him, not yet. He felt }{\cf0\f0\i his}{\cf0\f0  power engulf him, crushing him, drowning him, burning him, eviscerating him to shreds. And then, finally when he thought }{\cf0\f0\i he}{\cf0\f0  was done with him, waiting for the sweet kiss of mercy, }{\cf0\f0\i he}{\cf0\f0  said the words that made him undone. \uc0{\u8220}Did you fail because Father willed you to?\uc0{\u8221} All went dark and silent. He thought of what he was told. How they had all arrived at this juncture. How was it that all that harmony, peace and love was turned into this? Defeat, doubt and shame.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He finally hit the \uc0{\u8220}ground\uc0{\u8221}. It was scorching and freezing at the same time. He laid there for he didn\uc0{\u8217}t remember how long. \uc0{\u8220}You have finally arrived, brother.\uc0{\u8221} }{\cf0\f0\i His}{\cf0\f0  voice roused him from his stupor, enraged but also ashamed. He gathered all his strength, forced himself on his knees, took a breath and hauled himself upwards standing before }{\cf0\f0\i him}{\cf0\f0 . Broken, bloodied, guilt-ridden and enraged, he stood there before his nemesis, his brother. He stood before him, in silence and agony. He was Raphael, God\uc0{\u8217}s first warrior.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}