{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy09\hr17\min38\sec16}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy09\hr17\min38\sec16}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a busy and stressful week at the office I decided to go to the park on the weekend with my close friends Asma and Helen. Asma was the finance manager in an organization and Helen studied business administrative at one of the private Universities. We went to one of the famous parks in Herat called Takht Safar. It was the most beautiful park in the city with tall pine trees, small streams, colorful flowers and green environment at the highest place of the city exactly on a mountain. The trees were grown all over it and whenever we went there we could see the entire city from top of it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Besides having grocery shops and restaurants it had an amusement park inside that I liked the most. There was a big Ferris wheel, a big pendulum, a flying chair, a rotary octopus a self-control plane, some carousels for kids, bumper cars and what I loved the most a big pirate ship. Among all, the pirate ship was my favorite one. Every time that I ride in it I could shout out loud from happiness and excitement and could touch the top of the green trees.\uc0{\u160} Although my friends were scared to ride on it I was not scared at all. It always had and amazing excitement that I often went there with friends on my free time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day we sat in the park to eat chips and enjoy from the happiness of small kids sitting in the carousels that a young and beautiful woman came to us. She was different than others. She had a dark skin with green tattoos on her face. She was wearing a brown scarf and dress and her ear was covered with earrings. Her hands were full of different stone and handmade bracelets and her long fingers with red nail polish had different rings. There was a big tear drop blue ruby necklace in her neck.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}May I see your divination?\uc0{\u8221} she asked. I said. \uc0{\u8220}No, thanks. I do not believe these things.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Asma insisted, \uc0{\u8220}Come on! Darya let\uc0{\u8217}s try it. It will be fun.\uc0{\u8221} She asked her to see her and tell her about her future life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The fortune teller looked at Asma\uc0{\u8217}s hand and told her, \uc0{\u8220}You will be married soon and you will have five kids in future.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160} Then she saw Helen \uc0{\u8216}s hand and said,\uc0{\u8221} You will become rich.\uc0{\u8221} and raised her hand toward me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I looked at Asma and Helen they said,\uc0{\u8221} come on Darya let her see what will be for you.\uc0{\u8221} I gave her my hand and She looked at my hand lines for a while and became silent then she looked at me. Again, she looked at my hand and said,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You are a kind and a hardworking girl. Your heart is pure as your name Darya and soon you will be promoted. You will have a trip ahead but wait\uc0{\u8230} that trip is not good for you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Why it is not good for me?\uc0{\u8221} I asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}There is darkness you should not go there.\uc0{\u8221} I was confused because there was no trip for that time and there was no plan that I get promoted. Both Asma and Helen were dumb founded. I paid for her and she went. Asma said, \uc0{\u8220}Girls do you really believe on what she said I will have five kids?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I said, \uc0{\u8220}of course not.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Helen said, \uc0{\u8220}you are right Darya that is her job and business if she does not say these then how can she earn the money?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Asma said, \uc0{\u8220}Okay guys. Let\uc0{\u8217}s not think about it!\uc0{\u8221} Then suddenly there were black clouds and it started drizzling. Helen shouted, \uc0{\u8220}What\uc0{\u8217}s happening it was a sunny day then unexpectedly it rains.\uc0{\u8221} Lets\uc0{\u8217} go home now.\uc0{\u8221} I told them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everyone in the park rushed toward the cars and the rickshaws outside the park then we too got a taxi and came back home. After three days I received a promotion email from my boss that I became the Operations manager. I was working in a Telecommunication Company and there was an annual meeting in Kabul that my boss was supposed to come to attend the meeting from Canada. He sent me another email and mentioned that I need to prepare the last year sales report based on the monthly targets and achievement and my plan for the upcoming year adding issues with solutions within a week to present it to him and others in the meeting.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was so happy that I got promoted and I prepared a presentation based on the requirement. I was really excited that I could participate in such an important meeting where my boss and other directors, heads and senior managers of the company could see my presentation and would knew about my performance and plan. The finance manager of the company sent me my booked tickets. He also reserved a room during my stay in Kabul in one of the guest houses where it was safe for girls and women. He said,\uc0{\u8221} that most of the guests in that guest house were also ladies from all over Afghanistan who worked in different organizations. \uc0{\u8220}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I reached to Kabul airport the driver from the company picked me up and we went to that guest house. It was located in one of the best places in Kabul. It had two iron doors where there was a lady guard who checked and scanned the female guests. As I entered in the yard I saw there were jasmine and lily flowers. There were some small dandelions grown on the green grass and two black chairs with a glass made orange table was there under a big, red umbrella. The flowers perfume filled the environment and I was so glad that I could come to this guest house. It had big stone made walls.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The security guard told me to go straight and climb the stairs. I went there and found two floors building in front of me. It had a glass aluminum door in golden color. I opened the door and entered the hall. It was a big hall and there were stairs both on the right and the left to reach to the second floor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a big light hanging from the ceiling and the wall colors were all golden. A beige color couch with a golden color glass made tables were inside it and there was an LCD on the wall that was showing the first and second floors halls and inside and outside the guest house. There was a big golden clock on the wall. An orange receptionist desk was on the right and a boy was there behind it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Welcome Ma\uc0{\u8217}am. How may I help you?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I said, \uc0{\u8220}Thank you. My name is Darya and I already have a reserved room here.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He checked his notebook and said, \uc0{\u8220}Yes, room number 21 on the second floor is yours. Here, is you key.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Amin please carry ma\uc0{\u8217}am\uc0{\u8217}s bag to the second floor.\uc0{\u8221} Then one of the guest house cleaners who was a middle-aged man with a scar on his face came and took my bag. \uc0{\u160}While climbing I saw something down the stairs.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a big, dark basement that had many stairs going down. I looked at it. It seemed so dark and there were no lights inside it. I felt strange. I was still looking at it standing on the first stair that I heard a voice, \uc0{\u8220}Ma\uc0{\u8217}am let\uc0{\u8217}s go!\uc0{\u8221} Amin said. \uc0{\u8220}coming!\uc0{\u8221} I replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We reached to the second floor where there were rooms and behind each one their numbers were written until we reached to the room number 21 which was on the right corner. Amin put my bag outside the room and he went down. I opened the door and entered the room.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a bed inside it, a small table near the bed and a phone was on the table. An LCD was on the wall. The bathroom was attached to it and there were golden color curtains that covered the windows. I went to the windows that were made of thick glasses and they were all locked from inside. I looked down and I could see outside the guest house and other houses in that area. It seemed so high.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a note on the wall that had the Wi-Fi name and password for the guest house and the time of the dinner and breakfast that they would serve it. At 8:00 PM I went to the first floor where they served the food. It was in another hall on the right of the receptionist desk with several chairs and tables. There was a buffet of rice, different cooked vegetables, soup, salad, beverages and fruits. I had soup with salad. There I met other girls and women who came to the guest house and after having dinner and a short introduction with them I came back to my room and locked the door.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had a video call with my family and showed them my room then I reviewed my presentation once more because I had to present it tomorrow to the meeting for everyone at 11:00 PM I turned off the light and fall asleep.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Unexpectedly, I wake up when black creature tried to strangle me and I could feel its long, black hands on my throat. It was over my head and I wanted to move my hands but I could not. Neither my hands, nor my feet moved at all. I tried to shout but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t and everything was black. I could only see the darkness and a big, black creature with long hands and sharp nails that was trying to kill me. My tears fell on my cheeks but I could do nothing then I started praying in my heart.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I felt it left my throat and slowly, slowly it disappeared from my head. I stood up and turned on the light. I looked everywhere but no one was there. I called the receptionist several times but no one picked up. I looked at my watch it was 1:30 AM and I did not know what to do then I decided to go out of the room and tried to open it but the key did not work and it did not open then I heard a sound and looked back.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The curtains were flown inside the room and the windows were all open. A wind was blowing inside. I could not even believe it that the windows that were closed from inside could open, so easily and I went to close them. Down the windows it was dark and suddenly I felt that someone pushed me down. I took from the window and looked back but no one was behind me. There was a power that forced to put me down from the windows and I could not hold myself longer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I started shouting, \uc0{\u8220}Help! help me!\uc0{\u8221} but no one heard my voice. I was to fell down and I knew that I would not stand longer. I said, \uc0{\u8220}who are you? why do you want to kill me?\uc0{\u8221} But no one replied then I closed my eyes and started reciting and praying out loud. After a while I was thrown inside the room. I did not stop there anymore and rushed toward the door this time I succeeded to open it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I run toward the stairs and then I found the basement that was in front of my eyes and I felt that I was going down inside the basement again everything was getting dark and darker. But I took my hand from the stairs railing on the left and closed my eyes. I put my right hand on my eyes and did not stop praying until I opened my eyes and saw the light.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yes, I reached to the first floor and looked at the clock on the wall. It was 3:00 AM. I was wondering how it became 3:00 AM when it was 1:30 AM. No one was there on the receptionist table. All doors were closed and I tried to go out of the hall and call the security guard but the door was locked, so I sat on the couch and my heart bet fast. My hands were shaking until 6: 00 AM}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I saw Amin came out of the room and when he saw me there he was wondered, \uc0{\u8220}Is everything fine ma\uc0{\u8217}am?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I looked at him and said, \uc0{\u8220}fine? Nothing is fine here. What is wrong in this guest house? You should know that very well.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then the receptionist and his manager came out of their rooms and said, \uc0{\u8220}What has happened ma\uc0{\u8217}am?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I told them what happened last night but they did not believe it. The guest house manager said, \uc0{\u8220}It is an allusion ma\uc0{\u8217}am.\uc0{\u8221} There is nothing wrong here as we you saw we have many guests but none of them had such an experience.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I said, \uc0{\u8220} if that\uc0{\u8217}s so then let\uc0{\u8217}s check the CCTV cameras.\uc0{\u8221} He went to check that but surprisingly the footage was not available from the second floor. It just showed the time when I reached to the ground floor and looking everywhere and before that it was not available.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The guest house manager said, that perhaps the power was disconnected, so it did not record the rest. I said, \uc0{\u8220}how about the windows in my room when myself did not open them how did they open?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He said,\uc0{\u8221} let\uc0{\u8217}s go upstairs and check them.\uc0{\u8221} We went to the room number 21 but the windows were closed.\uc0{\u160} He said, \uc0{\u8220}Ma\uc0{\u8217}am you had just a bad dream. It cannot be possible nothing is here.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But I said, \uc0{\u8220}no I will not stay here anymore.\uc0{\u8221} He said, \uc0{\u8220}we will change your room.\uc0{\u8221} But I did not accept it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I took my bag and came out of the guest house. Amin took a taxi for me and when I moved to sit inside the car he said, \uc0{\u8220}Ma\uc0{\u8217}am, whatever you said are true. You are the first guest who came out of the room alive.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I looked back and said, \uc0{\u8220}How?\uc0{\u8221} He said, \uc0{\u8220}since I work here that room was closed because anyone who went to stay in that room they were found death either they had a heart attack or paralyzed. The old manager knew about it and he closed that room. We cannot go there even during the day especially near the room 21 but since the new manager was assigned he said these are nonsense and he re- opened it then you were the first guest who went to stay in that room after several years.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I asked seriously?\uc0{\u8221} he said, \uc0{\u8220}yes, most of the times we heard noises from that room during nights. It seemed someone walked there and sometimes the stones threw down the first floor.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I asked then, \uc0{\u8220}what is in that room?\uc0{\u8221} With a low, frightening voice he said, \uc0{\u8220}the darkness giant.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I sat on the taxi and gave him an address. It moved on and all the way I was thinking about what happened during the night in the guest house when I reminded what the young woman told me in the park, \uc0{\u8220}there is darkness\uc0{\u8230} don\uc0{\u8217}t go\uc0{\u8230} the darkness giant\uc0{\u8230} don\uc0{\u8217}t go\uc0{\u8230} darkness\uc0{\u8230} a giant\uc0{\u8230}darkness\uc0{\u8230}death\uc0{\u8230} a darkness giant\uc0{\u8230} walks around\uc0{\u8230}darkness\uc0{\u8230}darkness\uc0{\u8230} darkness..\uc0{\u8221} they echoed in my head and ears.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Again, I reminded that dark basement I took my hands on my face and shouted, \uc0{\u8220}No!!!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}but it is the address that you gave me ma\uc0{\u8217}am.\uc0{\u8221} Said the taxi driver. \uc0{\u160}When I looked outside the car it was stopped in the flower\uc0{\u8217}s street in Shahr e Naw in front of a hotel.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}