{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy29\hr02\min29\sec35}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy29\hr02\min29\sec35}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That day, we woke up like any other normal day. We had breakfast, my mother said that today we are going to go to the garden for fun. I was happy to hear this news due to the boredom and fatigue caused by staying at home and staring at the four walls of my room. I went to prepare my clothes and put the things I needed to go to the garden in my backpack.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was around 11 o\uc0{\u8217}clock in the afternoon, I was tying my hair, suddenly I felt the whole room and windows shaking. First, it was a bit normal for me because it was always so loud when the big cars passed by our alley.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But this time it was longer and more intense; The ground was moving left and right and it seemed to me that the windows were moving closer and closer. My mother\uc0{\u8217}s voice came from home that there is an earthquake! Earthquake! run out!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We ran outside with the neighbor in the yard. And then we fled to the alley.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My hands and feet were shaking. I did not know whether I was asleep or awake.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All the locals came out, they were horrified and shocked. A few minutes later, someone said: It\uc0{\u8217}s over! It went well!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We were still outside when the second earthquake started.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We sat in the street, holding our hands on our heads and screaming! Unwanted and panicked scream, until it was over. When the third earthquake happened, I was looking at the power pole that was shaking. I was saying to myself that this time it will fall on our heads.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But no, the earthquake was still with us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mobile internet was cut off, I could hardly go online and enter my Facebook. The epicenter of the earthquake was \uc0{\u8221}Zandejan\uc0{\u8221} city and it was completely destroyed. I sighed and read the news to the others. We were still unaware of the extent of the damage. We didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what to do. Neighbors were leaving their houses one by one, scared and in a hurry.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I told my father that we should go too. He said: Where?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I said: I don\uc0{\u8217}t know, a place without buildings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We entered the house with fear and apprehension, and took the things that were at hand. The ground was still shaking, not resting. We quickly got into the car and hit the road.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We stopped somewhere in the middle of the road, everywhere smelled of death and fatigue.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A man knocked on the car window and said to my father: Come inside this garden, everyone is coming, there is room for you today.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We entered the garden, it was very big. It was hot and the sun was burning. We went inside and sat in a corner with lethargy caused by fear.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Internet networks were still down.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother took some of the food, we ate it. People came little by little. My aunt called and said: Let\uc0{\u8217}s come to my mother\uc0{\u8217}s house, we have thrown a carpet in the courtyard.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We left there and went to my grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s house, we lived in my grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s yard for a long time (15 days). Another family had also come there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I checked my Facebook again, and I was faced with a flood of pictures of earthquake victims. The news said that most of the victims were women and children.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Almost two thousand people were killed, there was still no news of those who were under the rubble. The aid force had not reached the area, but the sound of helicopters could be heard every minute.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t cry because of hatred. My little sister said to my mother: Mother! When are we going home? Is the earthquake over?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother said: I don\uc0{\u8217}t know my daughter! We have to see what happens.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our life in the yard was not as difficult as life in the streets and alleys. But it was difficult for us to bear the burning sun. Most of us had no appetite, if I could connect to the internet sometimes, I would lose my mind seeing the pictures of the earthquake victims.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was done checking the Telegram news channel (Herat Times) and the aftershock continued. We were not used to the shaking of the ground yet, I was dizzy most of the time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 72 hours had passed and now the golden opportunity to survive was taken away from those who were under the rubble.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 People had started working; They went to Zindajan with a group of benefactors from each region; Everyone had prepared everything they could for the people who were now displaced in the streets and alleys.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The weather was getting colder and we had to sleep outside.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The people were happy that the earth had calmed down, another strong earthquake occurred at 5 am and another stronger earthquake occurred a few days later at 8 am. We were so scared and traumatized that we forgot the dates and days.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The pain of our skin being burnt in the sun was nothing compared to the pain of those who lost their entire families in the earthquake.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Most of those who didn\uc0{\u8217}t have a garden, a garden or a big yard and their houses were cracked, pitched tents in public parks, and finding a tent was one of the most difficult tasks.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was still following the (Herat Times), waiting for worse news.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We were so afraid that we could not even go to the bathroom.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 If we went, we were out in minutes and someone outside the bathroom was looking after us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Even going to the bathroom was another problem, because there were too many of us in my grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s yard. Several families lived there, mostly it was the first time we met each other. We had to wear hijab and long clothes and walk less, because the neighbor of the tent next to us had a son. Despite the earthquake, we had to be careful about our cover and passage in front of foreign men; So that we had to cook and wash dishes in the yard and take care of our hijab and voice while washing dishes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What hurt me the most was the family that lived with us in the yard, their 15-year-old daughter, who was also very thin and thin, had just gotten engaged; A girl who was deprived of education like thousands of other girls. He was constantly working, cooking.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her mother praised her: \uc0{\u8221}She is a very experienced and quiet girl. Once the earthquake is over, her engagement party will be fine.\uc0{\u8221} We are preparing our clothes.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Seeing him was like a horror movie that I had to endure along with the trauma of the earthquake.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The bad condition of the earthquake victims, women and children, people who lived in the streets and parks, fear, apprehension, insomnia hit me like a strong hammer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My cousin went to Zindajan with his friends to help, he said: \uc0{\u8221}An old woman from Zindajan told the people that before the earthquake, there was a strong dust storm, everyone had gone to their houses, I was near the oven, suddenly I saw the ground And time trembled, the dust took away everywhere, when I looked behind me, I saw that it was not our house!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My aunt\uc0{\u8217}s son said: \uc0{\u8221}We went there when we finished work and the children were coming, people ran after me and said he came from Turkey. I said no, I am Herati. They said: He is lying, he is Turkish! They have brought help!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mrs. Niksir, our teacher in the literary society, had gone to Zindajan to help, she said: \uc0{\u8221}An old woman said: Mother! I haven\uc0{\u8217}t had tea in two weeks!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Another woman said: \uc0{\u8221}When the earthquake happened, we were without blankets and tents for two nights, we froze from the cold.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Every citizen living in Herat has a special story about the earthquake. An accident that harmed everyone\uc0{\u8217}s life, property, and soul. I know one day the earth will rest, but our hearts will not rest. We all shared in this suffering and died with every living being left under the rubble.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}