{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy09\hr18\min40\sec53}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy09\hr18\min40\sec53}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Essence of Reading}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As a teacher with over three years of experience in teaching sciences in secondary schools, I can attest to the fact that teaching this subject is not as easy as one may think. Scientific subjects involve complex concepts, theories, and formulas that require proper explanation, demonstration, and repetition for students to grasp.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Moreover, to impart knowledge to students, it\uc0{\u8217}s crucial to emphasize the importance of reading. The majority of what we know today has been acquired through reading and learning from others. It is through books, scientific journals, and other written materials that we expand our understanding and knowledge of the world around us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In my experience, I\uc0{\u8217}ve encountered teenagers who are often unruly and prefer socializing in class. However, I took it upon myself to educate them on the significance of reading during a designated class period called \uc0{\u8221}Prep.\uc0{\u8221} To my surprise, none of the students was aware of the meaning of this class. As a result, I had to deviate from the regular curriculum and come up with a lesson that would instill in them the value of reading.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In my lesson, I emphasized the importance of reading in shaping one\uc0{\u8217}s future and providing a foundation for acquiring knowledge. I encouraged students to read widely and not just restrict themselves to their textbooks. I also highlighted the benefits of reading, such as improving vocabulary, enhancing critical thinking skills, and broadening one\uc0{\u8217}s perspectives and understanding of the world.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In addition to reading, I also emphasized the importance of taking notes, summarizing, and highlighting key points. These activities help students retain information, clarify their understanding of the material, and prepare for exams and assessments.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I also encouraged students to form reading groups, where they could discuss and exchange ideas about the books and other materials they read. This not only fostered a love for reading but also allowed students to learn from each other and engage in constructive debates and discussions.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It wasn\uc0{\u8217}t an easy task, but I was gratified to see the impact of my efforts. Students who previously preferred socializing in class began to show an interest in reading, and their grades and test scores improved.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I called the lesson, The Essence of Reading and this is what I had to present. Reading has a multitude of benefits for both the individual and society as a whole (Awal, 2020). It can enhance language proficiency, change the way a person thinks, and provide a new perspective on the world. Furthermore, reading offers a sense of comfort and enjoyable leisure time, while also deepening one\uc0{\u8217}s understanding of topics that interest them. By examining and comprehending the author\uc0{\u8217}s thoughts, the reader can gain a better understanding of the subject at hand.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Reading also expands one\uc0{\u8217}s knowledge of individuals, their experiences, habits, and locations, as well as various cultures and historical events. This not only enriches the reader\uc0{\u8217}s own life but also contributes to the overall growth of society (Awal, 2020). Reading can inspire positive changes in one\uc0{\u8217}s life, such as acquiring new skills and adopting healthier habits.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In addition to personal benefits, reading has the power to bring people together. Sharing what one has read with others can foster a sense of community and connection. In a society of readers, individuals are better educated and equipped with the knowledge and problem-solving skills, and are full of inspiration. This leads to the development of society as a whole, as individuals are civically informed and engaged (Awal, 2020).}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Reading can also be a source of inspiration and change. For example, reading about individuals who have overcome obstacles and made a positive impact in their communities can inspire others to do the same. Furthermore, reading about social issues and injustices can inspire individuals to become more actively involved in promoting change.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In today\uc0{\u8217}s fast-paced world, it is easy to get caught up in the distractions of technology and social media. However, taking the time to engage in reading provides a much-needed escape from the noise and chaos of daily life (Awal, 2020). It offers a chance to slow down, reflect, and expand one\uc0{\u8217}s horizons. In doing so, reading has the power to positively impact both the individual and society as a whole.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In conclusion, reading is an essential component of personal and societal growth. It can improve language proficiency, change the way we think, provide new perspectives, expand our knowledge, bring people together, inspire change, and offer a sense of comfort and enjoyment. Thus, it is important to make time for reading in one\uc0{\u8217}s daily routine to experience the many benefits it has to offer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By Sadock Mahuku}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Reference}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Awal, A. (2020). Reasons Why is Reading Important in Today\uc0{\u8217}s Society. Campus career club. https://www.campuscareerclub.com/why-is-reading-important-in-todays-society/}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}