{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy15\hr20\min44\sec06}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy15\hr20\min44\sec06}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am not one for numbers, and most definitely science. Calculations bore me, Chemistry makes me panic, Physics leave me questioning who founded the education system and algebra is the perfect lullaby for me on any day. But one story has always made me hate science a little less, the story of a man named Neil Armstrong. I can only imagine what it felt like to be the first man to put foot on the moon. More interestingly, l always imagine the human side of Neil, the side that had left a family back home, the side who maybe doubted if he was going to make the return trip safely. I always won der why no one documents that side. I am not a rocket scientist (pun intended) but in this case, I want to be the one to kind figure out Neil\uc0{\u8217}s thought process before, during and after making the first human landing on the moon. Here goes nothing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My imagination starts a week before Apollo 11 is scheduled to take off. Carol Held Knight, his second wife probably was losing her mind especially because her first husband had passed on in a plane crash. The last week should have moved very fast with Neil, Buzz Aldrin and Michael Collins working restlessly. Maybe in one conversation, on a late night, Neil had reassured Carol, maybe he told her how much he loved and appreciated her and they both pondered on the possibility of never seeing each other again, at least alive. Neil would have gotten all his papers in order, his will, title deeds, trying to not leave anything messy for his children and wife. I imagine the day before Apollo took off, he spends the day and night at the space station, addressing media with the eyes of all government on him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 July 16, 1969, Neil Armstrong sat quietly in the command module, his fingers dancing across the controls with the familiarity born of countless hours of training. I like to think that his heart was racing and the panel\uc0{\u8217}s soft glow, which was the only light in the cramped cockpit seemed too bright that day. Beside him, Buzz and Michael were focused on their own tasks, each man acutely aware of the momentous nature of what they were about to undertake but maybe none of them really as nervous and alert as the mission commander, Neil. 9.32 am EDT, Apollo 11 let of a jet stream of fire and the three-man crew took off to space, in the shuttle that would take roughly six and a half hours to reach the moon and get a feeling of the crusty material.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Needless to say, lam sure as the Apollo 11 spacecraft approached the Moon, Neil\uc0{\u8217}s mind was a whirlwind of thoughts. He thought about his family back on Earth, his wife Janet and their two sons, Rick and Mark and the earlier promises he had made to them. As the Moon loomed larger in the viewport, those promises weighed heavily on his mind. The journey had been meticulously planned and rehearsed, but the risks were undeniable. Yet, amidst the anxiety, there was an undying sense of exhilaration and adrenaline, it maybe seemed to him that he was living the dreams of some comic, some sci-fi movie or very accurately, the hopes of a ridiculously talented and optimistic team at the Kennedy space center. What had been a theory on paper, a mere goal pushed by the then President F Kennedy was to be the three men\uc0{\u8217}s reality, within a very visible grasp.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Eagle, Houston, you are GO for PDI,\uc0{\u8221} came the steady voice of Charlie Duke from mission control, breaking through Neil\uc0{\u8217}s daydream. PDI \uc0{\u8211} Powered Descent Initiate \uc0{\u8211} the command that would start their descent to the lunar surface. This meant that the space shuttle Apollo was in the moon\uc0{\u8217}s orbit, it was following the course of the moon. To land on the actual surface, a force needed to be exerted to activate its descent. That was the PDI and Neil and his team were, according to calculations, at the perfect height to start their touchdown. Neil took a deep breath and acknowledged the command, his voice calm and measured despite the storm of emotions inside him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The lunar module, Eagle, separated from the command module, and Neil and Buzz began their descent. As they descended, Neil\uc0{\u8217}s training took over. I think periodically, what made him aware of the fuel levels, descent rate and every other critical number was that he was put in charge of proving a point. Not only proving a point to himself but to America, to the globe and more specifically, proving a point about humanity and how far science had evolved.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 2017, UTC, July 20, 1969. Neil\uc0{\u8217}s foot was the first to land on the moon. A record had been made and history was sure to remember this one. I, for one, can assure that in this moment, Neil\uc0{\u8217}s heart was racing. I wonder if beforehand, judging from satellite pictures, the three men had an idea of the texture of the moon. I bet his mind said something like \uc0{\u8216}l told them the crust was going to harder than that\uc0{\u8217} jokingly. The greater part of his mind was obviously crowded with the voices in his monitors, asking him what it looked like l assume. He could have thought about Janet, the kids and how proud yet anxious they were back on earth. I am sure a smaller part of him was already calculating the return trip. His mind eventually wandered of to the many days that the team of scientists back on earth had seen sleepless nights, the failures that had come their way including the fire that had broken out in 1967 back at the Kennedy space station and had claimed the lives of three astronauts. He absorbed all of that, took a deep sigh heavy of mixed emotions, exhaled and said, \uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s one small step for man, one giant leap for mankind.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It Is safe to conclude that as the trio re-entered Earth\uc0{\u8217}s atmosphere and the familiar pull of gravity reasserted itself, Neil had reason to doubt if he was going to make it through this alive. The spacecraft shook violently, and for some moments, Neil, Buzz and Michael felt \uc0{\u8216}twinges\uc0{\u8217} of fear (for dignity\uc0{\u8217}s sake). But then the parachutes deployed, and soon enough they splashed down safely in the Pacific Ocean. As the shuttle hit the ocean current, l wonder if Neil once pinched himself and asked if he wasn\uc0{\u8217}t a ghost. I think it\uc0{\u8217}s only when the never-ending blur of celebrations, interview and accolades progressed that he absorbed the fact that the mission was a success. The most important part of this success being he was brought back to his wife and kids all in one piece, inhaling and exhaling oxygen alive. 240000 miles and 76 hours of risking his life had not gone to waste.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Even years after, l think in quieter moments, Neil still goes back to the Moon with vivid memories in reminiscence of the surreal beauty he had a chance of exploring. I am quite sure he still thinks about the descent as well, wondering if one move would have thrown them out of orbit in the wrong direction, the profound silence in between all those moments. These experiences certainly changed him, deepened his appreciation and understanding of the vast solar system that we know so little of, and the beauty and fragility of human life back on earth as well as in the cockpit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What lam not so sure about is how he tells his grandchildren this story. Does he stand in a superman pose and wear a cape before beginning his tales? Do his neighbors stand with awe every time they see him taking the mail, mowing the lawn or doing anything simplistic. Does he know just how frequently the phrases \uc0{\u8216}one small step for a man, one giant leap for mankind\uc0{\u8217} and \uc0{\u8216}the Eagle has landed\uc0{\u8217} are used? Sadly, we\uc0{\u8217}ll never really know the answers to these humane questions. 25 August 2012, this man called it a wrap and bid all space farewell. Neil Armstrong\uc0{\u8217}s journey to the Moon and back was not just a personal triumph, but a testament to human ingenuity, courage, and determination. It was a moment that captured the imagination of the world and forever expanded the horizons of what a mere mortal can achieve.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Eagle has landed, Long live Neil Armstrong!}}\par
\sect
}