{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy12\hr17\min11\sec54}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy12\hr17\min11\sec54}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}THE FUNNIEST DREAM I EVER HAD}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The funniest dream I ever had was a crazy journey throughout the night. It all began with an ordinary evening, and so I thought. My house was full of rats running up and down like other children playing around and sometimes they\uc0{\u8217}d run on my body while I slept. I had just settled down in my living room to watch some TV when, out of nowhere, a giant rat appeared. And I don\uc0{\u8217}t mean a figurative giant; I mean like an infinitely impossibly tall rat. It seemed to touch the heavens just by standing there, it had very long hair and long nails which I felt to imagine how possible this would be.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I stared up in disbelief, shaking my neck to see this towering figure. It was so tall that his head disappeared into the clouds, and I could barely make out its features. What kind of dream was this? I wondered. The absurdity of this situation was so believable.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then, to my astonishment, the tallest rat began to descend from the sky, gently touching down in my room. Its massive feet left craters in the earth as it approached my bed. I was surely set in Panic but I was so astonished that I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t move , I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t scream out loud. I was shaking and urinating in my own clothes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The giant rat reached in my room, with a single effortless motion, plucked it from its hinges. It was as if it had just taken the lid off a jar of pickles. My heart raced very fast and I felt a cold sweat running inside my shirt. What did this taller visitor rat want from me?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a bit it stepped into my living room, My big TV, which I had thought was quite sizable, now looked like a small pocket-sized device in its big hand. It didn\uc0{\u8217}t say a word, but I could sense an air of danger about it .}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was paralyzed with fear, unable to utter a word and my muscles felt stuck together. I watched it silently and I had no effort to fight it by taking my TV onto his shoulder. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t manage to carry the TV myself but to it , it was like a child carrying a toy bear. It was clear that resistance was not, and I had no choice but to allow this danger intruder to take my beloved TV.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The funny thing was that, it came back and touched my neck so hard , I fainted and had to urinate on myself .It was as if my brain couldn\uc0{\u8217}t process the sheer ridiculousness of the situation any longer. I collapsed onto the floor leaving the giant rat to make his exit undisturbed. Suddenly I opened my eyes and screamed out loud leaving my neck and my eyes were open in reality and the dream had already begun to fade, but the urination part on myself was so real . I laughed at myself but it left me with a lingering sense of amusement mixed with confusion. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help but imagine the impossibility of the tall rat which had reached the heavens by standing, only to come to my house to steal a TV.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This was for sure the funniest dream I had ever experienced in my life. After all dreams are just crazy and sometimes they happen for unknown reasons that I can\uc0{\u8217}t explain and I think this was because of the fear of rats I had in my house. The thoughts came into}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 a dream.}}\par
\sect
}