{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy12\hr13\min46\sec50}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy12\hr13\min46\sec50}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The first reflection on my existence}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My name is Mu\uc0{\u8217}ndeke. I was born in Munangi, a village located in South Kivu, the eastern part of the Democratic Republic of the Congo. People in my village lived a better life together. They used to hunt wild animals that they could share with almost everyone in the village. Our parents loved one another, and we children, in turn, loved one another. We used to play different kinds of games with my friends in my village. Most of our parents in the village were farmers. Milk and sweet potatoes used to be our everyday foods. We grew healthy and stronger. Our parents could pay school fees for us, and we all enjoyed learning in the one and only school that we had in our village. The people of Munangi village were stronger and more united. One\uc0{\u8217}s problem used to be the whole village\uc0{\u8217}s problem, and one\uc0{\u8217}s happiness used to be the whole village\uc0{\u8217}s. In my village, people had a better life together. In school, we were happy that we were able to speak French, the official language of the country. Our common language used to be Mashi.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was midnight one night in 2005, when I was 15 years old, and I was sleeping. I dreamed people were crying in the whole village. I roughly got out of bed and rushed outside. It was true; people were crying in the whole village. I also started screaming; my scream brought my parents, sisters, and brothers outside. We did not know what was happening. The whole family started crying, but we did not know why we were screaming. We were screaming because the whole village was united in the hope that we could rescue people who were facing attacks by wild animals. When I looked around, I saw people with strange lights that I had never seen in my village. They armed themselves with small axes, knives, spears, machetes, arrows, and guns. My parents, sisters, brothers, and I over-screamed, but it was without any help. I thought all people in the villages ran away. The gunmen caught my parents, sisters, brothers, and me. They brought us to the middle of the forest not so far from my village, where my friends and I used to go hunt wild animals and play games when I was 10. Almost all the people from my village were caught and brought to this place.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the meantime, there came another group of the same people holding guns, machetes, and axes. These people together started cutting people down as if they were cutting trees in the forest without thinking of the children, women, or elderly. They raped young girls and women. The boys were also told to sleep with their own mothers to save their lives. It was strange that I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t imagine. It was then my turn; they approached me and instructed me to sleep with my own mother. My mom loved me so much that she told me, \uc0{\u8221}My son, I am not ready to see you being strangled; please come and sleep with me.\uc0{\u8221} I did not imagine seeing my own mother naked in front of me, my father, and my younger brothers and sisters. Immediately, I stood up and ran away. As some of the gunmen ran behind me, I heard boletes, arrows, and tear gas behind me. I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t wearing a bulletproof vest, but not a single bullet struck me; all I could feel were pains in my eyes, as if I\uc0{\u8217}d filled them with chili powder. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t breathe, but I dared not stop running. Immediately, I saw a tree in which I used to play hide-and-seek games with my friends when I was 10. The tree had a pit underneath; I roughly plunged myself into the pit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Inside the pit I saw a bigger snake than I had ever seen in my whole life. I dared not leave the pit; I felt better being killed by the snake than sleeping with my own mother. I heard the gunmen\uc0{\u8217}s feet bang while I was in the pit. They were talking, and the language I heard them speaking was Kinyarwanda. I thought they were Rwandans. They returned because they didn\uc0{\u8217}t notice the pit beneath the tree where I was hiding. Meanwhile, I heard a long cue of these gunmen returning, and I assumed they\uc0{\u8217}d finished their mission. I was waiting for the snake to bite me and kill me, but surprisingly, the snake was asleep until I went out of the pit. I left the snake in a very deep sleep. I thought it was not me, but rather someone else. I went back slowly and helplessly to the spot where I left people from my village; it was 5 a.m. Almost everyone in my village, including my family, had been strangled to death. I went back to the village; it looked as if it had never been inhabited. I went into my father\uc0{\u8217}s house and took a machete; I returned to the spot where I had left the cadavers of my village\uc0{\u8217}s people just lying down like flies; and I decided to kill myself with the machete. In a mean time I heard children crying. I looked around and saw three children\uc0{\u8212}one boy and three girls. I moved around and saw four more children; they were all girls. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know the children\uc0{\u8217}s names or ages, but I baptized them myself. All my age mates were killed; children were killed; fathers were killed; women and girls were raped before they were killed; I thought, \uc0{\u8221}Why not me?\uc0{\u8221} I understood that I escaped because I had to take care of the seven orphans whose parents were killed. Therefore, I decided not to kill myself and was happy to live with my six sisters and one brother. I imagined some of them were 3 years old, while others were 2 years and some months. I was content that I had to live a new life with the seven orphans that I treated like my own children.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}