{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy14\hr20\min12\sec30}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy14\hr20\min12\sec30}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 The majority of people forget about the first day of their school, when they went to a new place because of passing 30 years and senility. But it was completely different for me because I was so hyperactive during my childhood, I remember the first day of my school as clear as today.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 To be honest, I can\uc0{\u8217}t remember the day, I mean I don\uc0{\u8217}t know which day of the week it was, but I vividly know that I was being called at 6:00 in the morning to wake up and get ready for school. I was half awake, but wore my navy blue uniform that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t like. The uniform was big and didn\uc0{\u8217}t fit my body. Its color was drab, and dark as well that made me unhappy. Then I wore my blue leather bag on my shoulders that my aunt, whose name was Fati, bought for me. I like it the most.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 That day was the first day when my father woke up early as well. In our country there is a traditional market place called Tehran Grand Bazaar where all shopkeepers start working from 9:00 Am to 4:00 Pm. My father ran a shop there and waking up early in the morning was meaningless for him. He didn\uc0{\u8217}t get used to waking up early, but he woke up so early that day just because of me to take me to school. My father and I ate breakfast, got ready and then started heading to school.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 There was a park on our way to school. The weather was pleasant, and the birds were singing. Since we didn\uc0{\u8217}t have a car of our own, we should take a walk either through the park or take the path alongside the fence or wall being built up around the park. That\uc0{\u8217}s why I enjoyed a breath of fresh air. It took us almost 15 minutes to get to the school. We finally arrived at school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 There was a big yard full of children wearing uniforms all in navy blue. I took my bag into my arms and started running around the yard, and left my father behind.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 I was so happy of hopping and jumping that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t notice a bad-tempered schoolmaster was calling me nonstop through the speaker of the school; \uc0{\u8220} that boy carrying a blue leather bag \uc0{\u8230} Hey\uc0{\u8230}. You\uc0{\u8230}. I am talking not\uc0{\u8230}. Hey\uc0{\u8230}and started swearing at me in front of other students. While I was listening to the voice of my schoolmaster and thinking about why he is talking to a child like me with this language,I suddenly came into myself and found myself running in the yard of school so I stood still. The voice of the schoolmaster and not having my father by my side made me nervous. Then I looked at the other side of the yard and saw quite a few mothers and their children gathered together in a wide circle, so I came closer to see what was happening there. As I passed through the crowds, right in the middle of the circle which was too big for me at that time I found my father lying on the ground. He was suffering from a disease called epilepsy that made him become unconscious and unable to control his movements for a short time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 With all the feelings I had at that time, I was embarrassed as well. Feeling of embarrassment\uc0{\u160} was more conspicuous. I looked very pale and drawn, my muscles were loosened and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t move. After a few seconds I walked slowly to my father as I was dragging my bag along the ground and finally approached him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 Putting my bag under the head of my father was the only thing I was able to do. That special day of my life passed by all ups and downs. I was only a child to understand the fact and reality of a father to his child, but\uc0{\u160} recently as a grown-up man I realized that the love of me encouraged my father to accompany me, in spite of his sickness. He did it just because he wanted to be with me to show his support, to be by my side, and to tell me how he cared about me on that special day. The first day of my school.}}\par
\sect
}