{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy10\hr14\min59\sec55}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy10\hr14\min59\sec55}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A refugee called Mr. Espoir who lived at Dzaleka Refugee camp used to had two girlfriends called Jolie and Sylvie. Mr. Espoir, a talented orphan , faced many life challenges that made him think that being in love with a girl would be the solution to his problems of finding food, clothes and the like. What made the girls to love him was his exceptional talent in dacing music in a local band called Vijana Africa. Whenever the band performed at a festival within the camp, Mr. Espoir was declared to be the best dancer until 2023 the year he was imprisoned for raping an under 18 girl called Sylvie a week after Tumaini Festival that always takes place in November. Having two girlfriends who did not know each other, Mr. Espoir took advantage of Jolie\uc0{\u8217}s money which her relatives used to send her for living assistance. The relatives usually sent her not less than $250 every end of month and Jolie always shared the money with her boyfriend, Mr. Espoir because he had no financial means to overcome the challenges. Though Jolie was doing good to Mr. Espoir, this one failed to stand faithful towards Jolie and pleased himself with another girlfriend. In other words, the more Mr. Espoir was declared the best dancer, the more he became proud and fell into the bad behavior of having many girlfriends.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day in 2022, the UNHCR office in charge of refugees\uc0{\u8217} ressetlement requested Jolie to meet an officer for her resettlement interview. During the interview, she told the officer about her boyfriend, Mr. Espoir and the officer asked her to provide Mr. Espoir\uc0{\u8217}s details for help. The lady gave all the required details and six months later, they also invited Mr. Espoir for his interview and this is how they were both selected for Australian resettlement.All that Jolie was doing, was a plan to be resettled in Australia together with her boyfriend and this was a way for her to Facilitate their marriage process in the future.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Reaching November 2023, Mr. Espoir performed at Tumaini Festival and was proclaimed the best dancer for his third time since he joined the band. This made him so proud and took advantage of having an extra girlfriend called Sylvie whose age was 16. So, Seeing that Mr. Espoir was famous at the camp, the girl also felt proud to have such a boyfriend for his celebrity and showed to love the boy so much without revealing her true age to him. One week after the festival, Mr. Espoir invited Sylvie to his home place where he stayed alone. The girl went there and entered the house of the boy without knowing his plan. Few minutes after arriving in the house, the boy started forcing the girl to do sex and the girl loudly shouted until two neighbours came and forcibly opened the door to rescue the girl. After rescuing her, they took both Mr. Espoir and Sylvie to the police station because the girl was injured on her right arm during the disputes with the boy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Arriving at the police station, the girl explained the incidence to the officer and the neighbours also witnessed. On the side of Mr. Espoir, he failed to contradict the accusations and this led him to the magistrate court for his trials that resulted in his emprisonnement of 10 years from December 2023 for trying to rape a minor of age and the girl was declared victim.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then, when the information reached Jolie, she regretfully reported it to the resettlement office for change before any travel process could start and the office banned Mr. Espoir from the resettlement process as he was no more eligible.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Finally, the office in charge of resettlement called Jolie for further interviews 4 months after the imprisonment of Mr. Espoir and reaching March 2024, she started the Australian seminar and traveled to Australia one month after the seminar. This is how Mr. Espoir lost his chance because of lacking faithfulness towards his girlfriend, Jolie.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}