{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy02\hr01\min05\sec22}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy02\hr01\min05\sec22}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The world was not the same for everyone. People did not have equal access to opportunities. The gap between the rich and the poor was extravagant. Equality was unimaginable. Traveling was a luxury for the rich only. Life was the definition of injustice.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But then someone discovered that something was missing from this picture: happiness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They decided to fix it and spread their findings across the globe so that everyone could be happy and have access to what they needed in life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The first thing they did was create a database where people could enter their wants and needs to get them fulfilled faster than ever before. They also created programs where people could get loans if they didn\uc0{\u8217}t have any money saved up or if they needed help paying off debts or bills. They also made sure that everyone could afford health insurance because otherwise, it would be too expensive for most people around the world who currently do not have any kind of health insurance whatsoever! Travelling became simple as there was no need to pay for a visa; public airlines were implemented for the poor to travel easily and freely.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now when you think about how unfair life is right now, don\uc0{\u8217}t you feel like something should be done about it? We hope so!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This is the world I want to live in.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But it\uc0{\u8217}s not just me who wants this kind of world. Everyone I know does. Everyone I\uc0{\u8217}ve ever met wants this world for themselves\uc0{\u8212}for their children and their grandchildren, for all the generations after us who will follow in our footsteps. We all want what\uc0{\u8217}s best for our children and our children\uc0{\u8217}s children: peace, security, and freedom from fear, and violence.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But it isn\uc0{\u8217}t going to happen unless we work together. It can\uc0{\u8217}t just be me or you or any one person\uc0{\u8212}it has to be everyone working together so that one day there will be no borders left between people on this planet at all!}}\par
\sect
}