{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy25\hr08\min08\sec38}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy25\hr08\min08\sec38}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Final Whistle}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Arsenal Versus Liverpool my brother Gibs came home screaming, He\uc0{\u8217}s love for Liverpool football is too much. Of course, I love my team Arsenal as well. We all waited for Sunday, 9 April game so excited. It was a day to end the argument over which team is the best between Arsenal and Liverpool. Despite my brother and I being rivals when it comes to soccer, we are very close and love spending time together and sharing stories. On Sunday, April 9, around 9 pm, Gibs and I decided to watch the big game together. He was wearing his team\uc0{\u8217}s jersey and my Arsenal jersey. We settled down on the couch with a bag of chips and a few cold drinks, eagerly waiting for the start of the game.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The match began and we roared while clapping hands. My young brother cheered every time his team made a good play, while I would shout with joy when my team got the ball. It didn\uc0{\u8217}t take long for my team to score, what a wonderful goal Gabriel Martinelli scored in 8 minutes just at the start of the game. I jumped up, creamed, and shook my brother laughing at him telling him the results Arsenal 1, Liverpool 0 as if he was not aware of the score.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My heart was filled with joy as my team Arsenal was leading one zero. My brother was very quiet for some moments. He argued that there is still pretty time. Just after him finishing arguing that there is still pretty time, what a goal it was from Jesus boom it was 2 nil Arsenal leading. I was so excited; I ran out screaming Arsenal! My brother frowned his face in disappointment and started insulting his Liverpool defenders while I laugh at him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the game progressed, the tension in the room grew, and my young brother and I invested in the outcome of the match, we had promised each other 10,000 Malawian Kwacha which is equivalent to 10 US Dollars. It did not take long for the hopes I had to start fading away as the game started diving in favor of Liverpool. In just 42 minutes before halftime, Liverpool player Mohamed Salah scored a goal. It pained me so much. My brother shook me screaming saying his team is back in action as it was now 2-1 Arsenal leading.\uc0{\u160} My young brother groaned in frustration when his team was awarded a penalty kick and Salah missed the chance, how joyful I was for the miss. My heart was pumping fast before he missed but felt relieved after the miss.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite our differing opinions on which team is superior, my brother and I were still having a great time watching the game together. We were both passionate about football and we loved the thrill of competition. We would occasionally playfully tease each other when our team made a mistake, but it was all in good fun. While I was praying for the game to end 2-1 in favor of my team Arsenal, in 87 minutes remaining of 3 minutes to additional minutes Firmino score a header for Liverpool equalizing 2-2.\uc0{\u160} My young brother laughed at me saying Arsenal couldn\uc0{\u8217}t beat Liverpool at its home ground.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a disappointment too, I started praying the end to end before my team completely lose the game. My brother was over the moon with happiness. I had to put aside my feelings and congratulated my brother for his team\uc0{\u8217}s performance. The game ended 2-2 which was a happy result for my brother are they were down 2-0 before. As for me, it was a disappointment. I gave my brother a grateful hug, as we both smiled at each other. Since no team won everyone remained with his money.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The game ended, but the fun wasn\uc0{\u8217}t over yet. My brother and I spent the rest of the night discussing the match, dissecting each team\uc0{\u8217}s strengths and weaknesses. We debated which player had performed the best him mentioning Firmino even though he came in as a substitute and myself mentioning Martinelli. We laughed and joked together, reminiscing about the wonderful moments over the game. As it was getting late, we reluctantly said goodbye to each other. It had been an incredible night, full of excitement and joy. We hugged each other one last time, promising to watch the next game together. Even though we support rival teams, we both know that our love for football and our bond as brothers is always strong.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It didn\uc0{\u8217}t matter the results of the game, what mattered was the time we spent together, sharing a common passion. We know our love for football will always bring us closer, no matter how different our opinions may be, we were grateful for each other\uc0{\u8217}s company and were excited to watch the game together. Everyone went to his room with a sense of contentment and happiness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}