{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy21\hr13\min15\sec36}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy21\hr13\min15\sec36}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Astonished by the site right before me, I struggled to make images of the deemed small lighted room. Realizing i was on a bare cold floor with spider webs all over the walls. I wondered out of panic and horror how i got there. As i was slowly \uc0{\u160}gaining my full consciousness, i tried to remember but to no avail of memories of me getting in such a place.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As more time ticked by, the more confused and terrified i became, and all the horrific possibilities crapped in my small head. I could not believe this was the end of me and all I had to do was to make my last confession to the empty room for my soul to rest in peace. As i lay there, facing the dark smoked roof, I thought to myself\uc0{\u8230}.\uc0{\u8221} in spite of the intruder\uc0{\u8217}s plan I could still do something to save my life at these merciful minutes.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Getting up the floor, I studied the room and the only openings was a small open window 5fit tall, which with my height could not even tempt to try reaching and the front door which was obviously locked up. The empty room had no stone or anything that could support my plan for escape.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Almost giving up, i vividly remember as i told myself that there was no point of trying\uc0{\u8230}.maybe this was how the end of me was planned to be. Suddenly everything seemed to come to a halt as a thought striked me again and i moved across the room to towards the front door, trying something i thought to be very stupid. But as i pushed the Front Door, it was Wide OPEN!!!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I stood there, shocked and surprised by the unexpected. I could not believe all this while, the door was not locked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}