{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy20\hr10\min43\sec51}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy20\hr10\min43\sec51}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Faraway}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After all, good friends are the greatest gifts in this little life of ours. My friends; Gilbert and Gadson shaped me in many aspects. I love adventures, learning and working for others because of them. One great thing I still owe them is my love for food. Honestly, we loved eating and during our early school life we used to do small works over the weekend to get some money to buy snacks and doughnuts. We were teenagers and weren\uc0{\u8217}t supposed to ask everything from parents who by then were working to feed our little siblings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In those days while living in Dzaleka refugee camp, we had a special place where we preferred buying doughnuts. It was at mama Solange\uc0{\u8217}s house. Mama Solange was a quite but friendly beautiful and tall woman. She loved and cared her customers a lot. At first Mama Solange used to cook a single bucket of doughnuts. But with time, the business grew and had more customers. This influenced her to cook more than four buckets of Mandazi the so-called doughnuts in English.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We all knew it by then, that her charming ingredients played a big role in her success. She used to mix the flour with }{\cf0\f0\i Mkaka, Mazira and Mafuta }{\cf0\f0 which are Milk, eggs and cooking oil when translated from Chichewa to English respectively. Many doughnut sellers were simply adding sugar to their flour and off they were selling them to us. Unlike them, Mama Solange cooked her doughnuts with love and honesty. She cooked such delicious and unforgettable doughnuts bites. We nicknamed her doughnuts; }{\cf0\f0\i Kadya ubwerere }{\cf0\f0 a Chichewa phrase meaning eat and come back to eat it again. Mama Solange had a busy husband who was always away from the camp. It was by chance to see him home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nevertheless, our love for food promoted us to get in touch with Solange the only daughter of mama Solange. She was always helping the mother in preparing the doughnuts and even selling them. She resembled everything from her mother. Like mother like daughter, they were. She was very beautiful, tall, slim and quiet. She was friendly as well and loved chatting with the customers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Truly, it was a win-win adventure. While going there to buy the doughnuts we were also having some time to see the girl and talk with her. It was really funny because a day wasn\uc0{\u8217}t ending without I and my friends; Gilbert and Gadson going to buy the delicious doughnuts. Even though some days, we had small money worthy one doughnut, still more we were escorting each other to buy and share it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Solange was a teenager and agemate of us and we were all learning at Katubza school in the same class. She was a class leader and very serious with her studies. It was very difficult to talk to her formally in school than it was at home when selling mandasi. Every term she was the leading girl in class and many teachers liked her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day during our English class, my pen had run out of ink and I asked out my friends. \uc0{\u8220}Gilbert! Lend me a pen\uc0{\u8221} I whispered. \uc0{\u8220}I have one\uc0{\u8221} He murmured. Gadson had one pen too. Almost everyone was busy copying down the English grammar notes which the teacher was writing on the chalk board fast like a machine. The blackboard was small and whenever place was full, the teachers were always rubbing off the first part. Putting in mind the consequences of not having full notes, I went and ask a pen from Solange who was sitting in front of me. \uc0{\u8220}Sorry lend me a pen please!\uc0{\u8221} I politely requested. \uc0{\u8220}Yes, have it\uc0{\u8221} she smilingly responded while handing me a spare pen she had from her beautiful small bag.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember writing fast and with good handwriting like never before. When I was about to give back the pen, Geography teacher entered and had to give another bunch of notes. I kept using the pen until the end of the day. \uc0{\u8220}Thank you, Solange,\uc0{\u8221} I thanked her while giving her the pen. \uc0{\u8220}You are most welcome\uc0{\u8221} she said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That afternoon and after the classes, my friends came home to take me for our food adventure. Moreover, that previous weekend we had made a good amount of money from our works of fetching water for other people and making bricks for sale. As usual, we found mama Solange cooking her delicious doughnuts and the mandazi were very delicious to eat while still hot. \uc0{\u8220}}{\cf0\f0\i Mwiriwe mama}{\cf0\f0 !\uc0{\u8221} We greeted the hardworking mother in Kinyarwanda meaning good evening mother. \uc0{\u8220}}{\cf0\f0\i Mwiliwe bahungu banje}{\cf0\f0 !\uc0{\u8221} Mama Solange responded saying good evening my boys. \uc0{\u8220}We want six mandasi\uc0{\u8221} Gadson politely requested. \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry just wait for a plastic bag\uc0{\u8221} The mother assured us and then called her daughter Solange who was inside to bring out the small plastic bags which were called }{\cf0\f0\i majumbo}{\cf0\f0  in Chichewa and }{\cf0\f0\i amashashi }{\cf0\f0 in Kinyarwanda. These plastics were used for packing small goods like doughnuts, flour milk and even sugar.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And honestly, we all liked the girl. Her politeness, friendly smile and even her kindness to friends and customers. On this day, she wore a long blue dress which was my favorite. \uc0{\u8220}She is coming!\uc0{\u8221} Gilbert whispered and I simply stared. \uc0{\u8220}Did you give back her pen?\uc0{\u8221} He continued to whisper. \uc0{\u8220}Yes, I gave her during the classes\uc0{\u8221} I responded with a low voice so that the mother wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t hear us.\uc0{\u160} She was finally in front of us. She saw me and smiled. \uc0{\u8220}Toyi! Again?\uc0{\u8221} She deliberately asked. I laughed shyly. \uc0{\u8220}He wants to borrow some notes!\uc0{\u8221} Gadson lied. \uc0{\u8220}Which notes again?\uc0{\u8221} She joked. \uc0{\u8220}I wanted the History notes, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t copy all. Remember I had no pen\uc0{\u8221} I assured her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Follow me!\uc0{\u8221} She said while leading to the house. It was a small house with metal roofs. It was beautifully decorated and the surrounding was neat. By then, my friends were still standing chatting with mama Solange who was busy asking them about the performance of her daughter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I will bring it\uc0{\u8221} she said while entering in the house. She was very smart and neat her books testified it all. She came out with her well covered history book. \uc0{\u8220}Here is the book Toyi!\uc0{\u8221} she handed it to me. \uc0{\u8220}Thanks Solange!\uc0{\u8221} I thanked her. \uc0{\u8220}But why not buying a pen instead of mandasi\uc0{\u8221} She questioned me and I was speechless for a moment. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t see it coming and had never thought it that way. \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t like eating!\uc0{\u8221} She mocked me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And after taking our mandasi, we traveled back home. \uc0{\u8220}Did you pass our greetings?\uc0{\u8221} Gadson insisted. \uc0{\u8220}Of course, yes!\uc0{\u8221} I lied. \uc0{\u8220}What did she say?\uc0{\u8221} Gilbert asked. \uc0{\u8220}Buy pens not mandasi!\uc0{\u8221} I responded and they laughed out loud. \uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s specifically for you\uc0{\u8221} Gilbert jokingly rebuked me. \uc0{\u8220}Why?\uc0{\u8221} I deliberately asked. \uc0{\u8220}You lent a pen from her and come to buy doughnuts as if you are a rich kid\uc0{\u8221} Gadson responded and made us laugh again. \uc0{\u8220}You have to put the best priorities first\uc0{\u8221} Gilbert advised. \uc0{\u8220}Yes, imagine going to the farm without a hoe!\uc0{\u8221} Gadson jokingly added again questioning me of going to school without the required materials.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anyway, the next day I brought my pen. My friends were happy. After the English class and just when I was finalizing copying the notes, Solange came to my desk. \uc0{\u8220}Congratulation Mr. Food!\uc0{\u8221} She mocked me. \uc0{\u8220}You say?\uc0{\u8221} I asked deliberately as if I knew nothing about food. \uc0{\u8220}Thanks for buying a pen!\uc0{\u8221} She twisted her joke and I laughed. \uc0{\u8220}Take this other pen as a gift!\uc0{\u8221} She said while giving me her pen I lent the other previous day. \uc0{\u8220}But I have already mine?\uc0{\u8221} I deliberately refused. \uc0{\u8220}I know, but in case, that one finishes you might need it\uc0{\u8221} She stood on her ground. \uc0{\u8220}I will buy another one\uc0{\u8221} I insisted. \uc0{\u8220}What will you buy doughnut with?\uc0{\u8221} She jokingly asked and I was tongue tied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember that day as usual, I and my friends went to buy the doughnuts as well. \uc0{\u8220}Today we have only two hundred Malawian Kwacha note!\uc0{\u8221} Gilbert alerted us. One doughnut was worthy one hundred kwacha and that meant buying two doughnuts for the whole three of us. \uc0{\u8220}Today, I won\uc0{\u8217}t go!\uc0{\u8221} I insisted to my friends who made a stand on sharing the two doughnuts equally with me. \uc0{\u8220}If we eat alone, then what\uc0{\u8217}s the need of friends\uc0{\u8221} Gilbert encouraged me. Anyway, I went and it was the best choice I made.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Upon arriving, we found Solange selling the doughnuts. \uc0{\u8220}Mambo!\uc0{\u8221} She greeted us in Swahili meaning are you okay. \uc0{\u8220}Poa!\uc0{\u8221} we answered meaning we are fine. There was a long silent to my friends, who were shy a bit to pay only two hundred and buy two doughnuts in front of the girl when we were three of us. \uc0{\u8220}Toyi! I owe you something\uc0{\u8221} The girl said breaking the silence. She grabbed two big mandasi and packed them in a plastic bag and gave me. I was pampered and my friends were relived. \uc0{\u8220}That means we will buy for only two!\uc0{\u8221} Gadson joked and made Solange smile. That day on our way home, Gilbert and Gadson laughed, joked and admired how close we were getting with Solange. \uc0{\u8220}I like that girl!\uc0{\u8221} Gilbert stated on our way home. \uc0{\u8220}You mean you love her?\uc0{\u8221} I asked. \uc0{\u8220}Not that love you mean! I simply like her true selfless life\uc0{\u8221} He answered. \uc0{\u8220}I like her as well, she is so kind, respectful and intelligent\uc0{\u8221} Gadson added. As the sun was about to set, we separated but my mind was tracked back to the kind gesture Solange showered me that day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember the following day, waking up early before the sun rose. I swept our compound, help my mother preparing for the breakfast and took my bath. I was the first to arrive at school and my friends who arrived after me were amazed. \uc0{\u8220}Wonder!\uc0{\u8221} Gilbert called it. \uc0{\u8220}Its an abomination!\uc0{\u8221} Gadson joked. Honestly, I used to love sleeping and most of the times, Gilbert and Gadson were coming to take me and found that am still sleeping. I was the reason behind their late comings. After the kind gesture Solange showered me, I really wanted to change and become a better version of myself and not a burden to my friends. That day and as usual, Solange came to my desk and congratulated me for coming early as well. My friends were even happy to see how I was changing and growing for better while talking with Solange the girl we all liked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The following days, Solange became a good friend of ours. When going to school, Gilbert, Gadson and I were always passing by her home and greet her mother and then take her for school. In school as well, we were helping each other in our studies. She was good in Mathematics and helped us with some simpler explanations in how to do the home works. Gilbert was good in humanities and helped us with his interesting story telling explanations. And yes, Gadson was our own scientist, He loved explaining all the concepts in Biology and Chemistry. In my own case, I was good in listening and asking questions. I was benefitting from them. Moreover, examinations were around the corner and we agreed to help each other so that no one fails.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It all ended in a blink of an eye when Solange stopped coming to school. It was when the exams where a week away. The first Monday, she didn\uc0{\u8217}t come and we wondered what happened to her. Just after the knock off bell was rung, I, Gilbert and Gadson went direct to her home to ask her what happened. In our amazement, her mother didn\uc0{\u8217}t cook mandasi that day and Solange was busy washing her clothes and packing some of her luggage in a back.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Mambo Solange?\uc0{\u8221} I greeted her. \uc0{\u8220}Poa Toyi!\uc0{\u8221} She responded. \uc0{\u8220}Sorry for not telling you, my father came to yesterday and he will take me\uc0{\u8221} She apologized before we asked her. \uc0{\u8220}Where to?\uc0{\u8221} I worried. \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know!\uc0{\u8221} She responded with a deep face. \uc0{\u8220}And exams?\uc0{\u8221} Gadson asked. \uc0{\u8220}My father refused and warned me not to ask him about school\uc0{\u8221} she said sadly. Her mother was just coming out of the house trying to remove some dried clothes from the lines.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was worried and didn\uc0{\u8217}t like the fact that she was not writing the final examination with us. I walked towards Mama Solange, the hard working and independent woman I had known. \uc0{\u8220}Mama where is Solange going?\uc0{\u8221} I asked. \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know my dear, her father simply came last Saturday and ordered to take her.\uc0{\u8221} She responded. \uc0{\u8220}Why not refusing mama?\uc0{\u8221} I worried. \uc0{\u8220}What can I say son! He is the head of the family\uc0{\u8221} She responded with a down face and her face revealed wounds made from angry and heartless punches. Her beauty had faded away and she was different from the last Friday I saw her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Something was fishy and I smelled it. I went back to Solange who was with my friends Gilbert and Gadson who were sympathizing and encouraging her. I was stuck dumb and simply stared at her innocent face which wanted to tell more but couldn\uc0{\u8217}t. We spent the whole afternoon there chatting and helping her with her chores and preparations.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When the sun was about to set, her father came. He was tall and a gentleman indeed. He was quite but her appearance revealed more of his dark side. I wished; I was strong enough to question him direct. He simply entered the house without greeting us. Just after we had finished helping her, we headed back home. Solange escorted us. It was on the way that she revealed the reason behind her emergency trip. \uc0{\u8220}I overheard my father telling my mother about my planned marriage\uc0{\u8221} She revealed it. In fact, what make best friends is telling one another secrets. \uc0{\u8220}You mean, you will be married?\uc0{\u8221} I worried. She nodded her innocent head and tears showered her big beautiful eyes. \uc0{\u8220}What did your mother say?\uc0{\u8221} Gadson questioned. \uc0{\u8220}She refused but my father beat her up\uc0{\u8221} She answered and now more tears flowed rapidly on her baby cheeks. \uc0{\u8220}I wish I was strong!\uc0{\u8221} I worried and Gilbert sympathized us. \uc0{\u8220}We can\uc0{\u8217}t do anything, do we?\uc0{\u8221} Gadson asked painfully. \uc0{\u8220}What if we report to the teacher?\uc0{\u8221} Gilbert suggested. \uc0{\u8220}Yes, we have to report it tomorrow\uc0{\u8221} I agreed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But Solange was already lost in her ocean of thoughts. Her ship of happiness was waved by angry storms to a faraway land away from us. We later separated silently but heartbroken. Each one led the way home. That night was too long and full of hoping dreams. I dreamt being a hero and saving Solange.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Early in the morning I walked up and prepared myself for school. Gilbert and Gadson came as usual to take me. We agreed to reach first at Solange\uc0{\u8217}s house. We walked fast and reached the house. To our surprise the house was locked and no one was home. \uc0{\u8220}Have they taken her already?\uc0{\u8221} I asked out of curiosity. \uc0{\u8220}I am afraid, that we are late!\uc0{\u8221} Gilbert complained. After getting tired of knocking and receiving no answer, we decided to continue our school journey.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We reported the issue to our class teacher who promised to do something even though it was difficult as we didn\uc0{\u8217}t know the actual location of her. That school day, my eyes were on the window and my mind was faraway searching for Solange. When knocking off from school, we passed again Mama Solange\uc0{\u8217}s house but we found no one. We repeated the same thing for almost two weeks and the same lock was there on the house\uc0{\u8217}s door.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The last day, we visited the place we found the landlord who was busy cleaning the house for new tenants. \uc0{\u8220}Please sir, do you know where Solange is?\uc0{\u8221} I asked. The man told us that Solange was married to an old rich man living in Mozambique. He even showed us the wedding photos of her from his smart phone. She was really innocent, the husband had lots of beards and looked greed and selfish like her cruel dad. Our girl shined with her beautiful face in the wedding photo and her wedding dress testified her angel and innocent being. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t help but rather started crying. \uc0{\u8220}Why her? Why her?\uc0{\u8221} I cried out loud. \uc0{\u8220}Mr. Landlord what happened to the mother?\uc0{\u8221} Gilbert wondered. \uc0{\u8220}The same day, the father took Solange, mama Solange run and returned to her home country in Burundi\uc0{\u8221} The landlord explained with a sad tone. \uc0{\u8220}But why leaving Solange alone and away?\uc0{\u8221} I asked with a shattered heart. \uc0{\u8220}I guess It was too much for her, she didn\uc0{\u8217}t endure Papa Solange\uc0{\u8217}s beatings and his beast treatment\uc0{\u8221} The landlord assured us. For the first time, I saw tears falling on my friend\uc0{\u8217}s cheeks. Gadson and Gilbert became weak and sad.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We stared at the landlord who was busy cleaning the house while playing a whistling sound and happy that his house was going to finally have some customers. That\uc0{\u8217}s how Solange, the girl we liked and treated as a beloved sister was taken away from us. Her star was put off and her dreams were shattered. Her new husband became her world. Whenever I stand and want to buy doughnuts, I usually remember her, her innocent mother and the sweet fun moments I shared with my friends; Gilbert and Gadson.}}\par
\sect
}