{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy26\hr18\min14\sec43}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy26\hr18\min14\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I live in a village called Pajimo in northern Uganda, it is among the many villages that were terrorized by the Lord\uc0{\u8217}s Resistance Army during the insurgency. The LRA began as an evolution of the Holy Spirit Movement, a rebellion against Uganda\uc0{\u8217}s Current President Yoweri Museveni\uc0{\u8217}s Oppression of the people of Northern Uganda though it later spread to South Sudan and Democratic Republic of Congo. Its leader is Joseph Kony who founded it in 1988 with the claim of restoring the honor of his ethnic Acholi people and to install a government based on his personal version of the Ten Commandments. The group was characterized by violent attacks on villages, burnt homes and abducted children leaving behind a trail of destruction and trauma.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My family was one of the many who were forced to flee our home to escape the violence and seek refuge in a crowded displaced refugee camp. There, we lived in squalor and struggled to find enough food and clean water to survive. We lived in fear of the LRA attacks at any time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I was 12 years old, the LRA attacked The camp and abducted several other children including me. I was forced to become a child soldier, trained to kill and do unspeakable things. The trauma of the war weighed heavily on me, and I often had nightmares and flashbacks.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After several years, the LRA became weak, the government constantly attacked them in their hideouts at garamba forest. One day the LRA camp was attacked and every one ran in a different direction, and this is how I managed to escape and surrender to the government forces. I was returned to my family, but I was a changed person. The trauma of my experiences as a child soldier had left deep scars on my psyche, and I struggled to adjust to civilian life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I found it difficult to connect with people and often felt isolated and alone. I suffered from depression and anxiety and would often spend hours sitting alone lost in thought. My family and friends tried to support me but they didn\uc0{\u8217}t understand the depth of my pain.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My experience was not unique. Many individuals in northern Uganda were affected by the LRA war and continue to suffer from its aftermath. For many the trauma left deep emotional and psychological scars making it difficult to adjust to normal life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, I met an old war veteran who had also fought in the same war. The veteran recognized the pain in my eyes and knew exactly what I was going through. We sat down together and talked about our experiences, our fears, and our hopes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Through the conversations, I began to realize that I was not alone. There were many other child soldiers like me who had come back from the war with scars that were not visible on the outside. I also learned that it was okay to ask for help and that seeking therapy was not a sign of weakness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With the help of the Veteran, I met a counselor who specialized in treating trauma survivors. The counselor recognized the signs of Post Traumatic Stress Disorder in me and began working with me so that I could heal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Through therapy, I was able to process the trauma of these experiences and find ways to cope with my symptoms. I learned breathing techniques to help calm down during panic attacks and I found solace in connecting with others who had experienced similar traumas, sharing their stories and finding strength in their collective resilience.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I then joined a support group of other former child soldiers who had gone through similar experiences. We shared stories, offered each other encouragement and support, and reminded each other that we were not alone. We also did art and craft and other activities that could keep us busy during these times.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As time passed, I began to feel more connected to the world around me. I started volunteering at a local community center and found joy in helping others. While the trauma of war would always be a part of me, I had learned to live with it and found hope for the future.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While the guns may be silent, the trauma it inflicted still prevails. However, through community support and resources, survivors like me are finding ways to heal and move forward. We are finding ways to rebuild our lives and communities and to overcome the legacy of the conflict that has left such deep wounds on the country.}}\par
\sect
}