{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy08\hr23\min16\sec35}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy08\hr23\min16\sec35}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Green-Eyed Monster:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 David grew up in a small village with his friends. They all went to the same primary school and enjoyed playing together. As they grew up, life changed for all of them. David didn\uc0{\u8217}t finish school, but instead decided to venture into business by opening a small boutique. However, the business didn\uc0{\u8217}t work out and David ended up in poverty.Meanwhile, David\uc0{\u8217}s friends all finished school and got good jobs. They were able to travel the world and even go to America to complete their studies.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 David was very jealous of his friends\uc0{\u8217} success. He started to create false stories about them to defame them. He would also insult and shout at them whenever they came to visit him.One day, David\uc0{\u8217}s friends had enough. They confronted him about his behavior and told him that they were no longer friends with him. David was devastated. He realized that he had let his jealousy get the best of him. He apologized to his friends and begged for their forgiveness. They eventually forgave him, but David knew that he had to change his ways.David\uc0{\u8217}s friends were so kind and generous that they even offered to help him start his own business. They gave him capital and advice, but David wasn\uc0{\u8217}t satisfied. He wanted more. He took their help as his motivation to be more jealous.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 David started to resent his friends for their success. He thought that they were rubbing it in his face. He started to spread rumors about them and sabotage their businesses. David\uc0{\u8217}s friends were hurt and confused. They didn\uc0{\u8217}t understand why David was being so mean to them.One day, David\uc0{\u8217}s friends had enough. They confronted him about his behavior and told him that they were no longer friends with him. David was devastated. He realized that he had pushed his friends away and that he was all alone.David was finally ready to change his ways. He realized that he had been wrong to be jealous of his friends. He apologized to them and begged for their forgiveness. They eventually forgave him, but David knew that he had to earn their trust back.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 David worked hard to rebuild his friendships. He started by being kind and supportive. He stopped spreading rumors and sabotaging their businesses. David\uc0{\u8217}s friends were impressed by his change in behavior. They slowly started to trust him again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 David and his friends are now closer than ever. They have learned to appreciate each other\uc0{\u8217}s success. They know that they can always count on each other, no matter what.}}\par
\sect
}