{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy24\hr14\min51\sec23}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy24\hr14\min51\sec23}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A very rich man Kabir Khan had the most beautiful garden in the world.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The garden was wide and big in the shape of a historical leaf. The garden was clean and had fresh air, green fields, green forests, best fruit trees, the most beautiful flowers and streams of cold and sweet water. It had many spectacular places and attractions.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a vineyard inside it that had all the different kinds of green, red and sweet grapes. The garden was surrounded by the tall mountains and the streams were falling inside the garden from the heart of the tall mountains and fountains to water all the trees, fields and forests. There were eglantine, jasmine, hyacinth, purple flowers, roses, tulips, orchids, lilies and daffodils everywhere.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The different red, blue, white and yellow fishes were always inside the streams. All around the streams were covered with expensive stones of gold, rubies, azure, sapphires, tourmaline, topaz, emerald and other expensive colored gems that were shinning in the sun and sparkling with the stars during the night.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The hanging cherries from the cherry trees, yellow apricots, red and juicy peaches, ripe and red apples, juicy oranges, sour and sweet pomegranates changed the garden to one of the world\uc0{\u8217}s best and the most desirable gardens. The fragrance of flowers with the blossoms of the trees always filled the atmosphere that was so many kilometers far from it. The garden was protected by thousands of security guards both days and nights.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Soon other people around the world heard about Kabir Khan \uc0{\u8216}s garden\uc0{\u8212} its beauty and its precious stones. They tried to take it from him but Kabir rejected all their offers and he was not ready to give his garden to anyone at any costs while those people were so greedy. Many times, they tried to deceive him and steal his garden\uc0{\u8217}s precious gems but they couldn\uc0{\u8217}t. Then they tried to take it by their forces and attacked on his garden but they were defeated. Kabir \uc0{\u8216}s security guards were even ready to die but to defend from the garden and protect the available sources inside it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Robbers tried to steal the garden\uc0{\u8217}s expensive gems while they were either dead or injured and thrown back of it. It was such a beautiful and unique garden that people in other kingdoms only wished to look at it even for once in their life. Everyone wanted to sit there and to watch its unique beauty either through the sky or the earth.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the first day of the year when people went to sightseeing Helen asked her friends Darya and Asma to go to the mountain climbing with her as she had a surprise for them on the top of the mountain and they all agreed to climb one of the tallest mountains. Although Asma was scared of the height but Darya and Helen helped her to go with them. They walked for more than two hours against the rocks to reach the top of the mountain. Many times they were near to fell down. Although it was a cold and cloudy day but they were drenched in sweat, felt thirsty and breathlessly reached the top of the mountain. For a while they all sat down and started breathing the fresh air as a cold wind blew and the fileds down the mountain seemed so tiny\uc0{\u8212}the streets, the green deserts down the mountain covered with small red anemones, the people and the sheep eating the grass down the mountain.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a while Asma said, \uc0{\u8220}I feel dizzy looking down, so let us know Helen what was the surprise here? Why did you bring us here?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Helen said, look over there.\uc0{\u8221} she pointed toward some big walls made of stones. The}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 green trees reached to walls and it seemed as a wide, dense and green forest. On the top of the walls there were armed men walking around and protecting it,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}that\uc0{\u8217}s Kabir Khan\uc0{\u8217}s garden starting from here and it so big and wide going down\uc0{\u8230},\uc0{\u8221} she added.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I wish just once I could go there and see what is inside it perhaps there is another world which is totally different than ours.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Darya looked and said, \uc0{\u8220}girls I also heard about his garden but do you know that it isn\uc0{\u8217}t like what it looks even birds cannot fly over his garden. There is always threat, fear and dead if you walk near it. It might be beautiful but inside the garden each part is covered with people\uc0{\u8217}s blood and it is dangerous that no one would dare to go inside it as long as Kabir is there. Except his family and some of his close relatives and friends no one else is allowed to walk near the garden. Kabir is one of the world\uc0{\u8217}s richest man but look outside his garden people are dying from hunger that much money that he spends on protecting his garden if he could spend half of it on those poor people now none of them will suffer or die from hunger but Kabir does not care about anyone else. He is a very proud person with a cruel heart.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You are right Darya,\uc0{\u8221} Helen added. \uc0{\u8220}Many people are killed because of his arrogance and his pride. Many people tried to snatch the precious stones of his garden while Kabir did not let it happen and he does not have mercy even on the birds and animals rather than caring about the poor people.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Darya said, \uc0{\u8220}those people who attack to steal the precious stones of his garden are greedy since they can become the gardener of their own gardens if they put all the efforts that they put on attacking and overrunning Kabir\uc0{\u8217}s garden. They can grow the seeds in any farms, at any fields and deserts where the breeze blows it would pollinate and as long as there are clouds in the sky there would be rain on the fields and deserts to grow the seeds into plants. A garden is beautiful with its unique green fields, nice flowers and fruit trees rather than the precious stones. As long as one has the strength they should work hard to earn their own precious gems. There is no shortcut to become rich except setting goals, working hard and trying therefore by stealing someone else \uc0{\u8216}s gems, no one can build their own garden.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Asma said, \uc0{\u8220}guys I heard that anyone who even sit on the mountains they will become suspect on them and will shoot them I think we should leave now.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Darya agreed, \uc0{\u8220}exactly Asma it is risky even to sit here and look at his garden we need to move down.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kabir was so obsessed with his garden that he built a very beautiful house for himself inside it and he one day he invited some of his close friends to have lunch inside the garden. They all sat behind a round blue table with white chairs and admired him for his unique and beautiful garden. The servants brought them orange and pomegranate juices with fresh fruits in the golden dishes. Everyone got busy drinking the juice while Kabir saw that three sparrows sat on the vineyard to eat some grapes. The sparrow brought her kids to train them on how to find the seeds and to learn to fly while Kabir got really angry and asked one of his servants to bring his hunting gun.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His friends asked them to leave the birds to eat some grapes but Kabir didn\uc0{\u8217}t. He was really expert in shooting and he fired toward the sparrows suddenly one of the sparrows that was the mother of the two small sparrows fell down. The two other sparrows shouted in fear and flew away then hid inside the wall.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kabir\uc0{\u8217}s friends looked at each other but said nothing while Kabir said in rage, \uc0{\u8220}without my permission no one can even fly on my garden\uc0{\u8217}s sky rather than sitting on the vineyard and I hate these birds since they fly on my garden\uc0{\u8217}s sky.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The two small sparrows looked at their mother that was fell on the ground and started shouting and calling her. They called her many times to come back but she did not. After the lunch party that night Kabir became sick and the doctors could not find what exactly his sickness was to cure him. He was not able to eat and drink although all his tests were normal. Kabir felt that something had closed his throat.\uc0{\u160} His family took him to another a city to one of the best doctors but he could not find his treatment, so they decided to carry him to abroad but he refused and told his family that it is too late for him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He gathered his young sons to advise them before he dies, \uc0{\u8220}I thought through the money I could buy everything but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t escape from death, today whatever I suffer is because of my past deeds but you should learn not to repeat my mistakes be kind to humans, animals and birds. I should not have killed that bird that needed the grapes to be alive but I did and now I expect you all to do not hurt any birds that come to my garden for food because if they cursed you, you cannot be saved. I gave you all my wealth except the garden. The garden is given to all the animals and birds. Just let them to eat and drink and give them feed perhaps it may help me to rest in peace. \uc0{\u8220}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After saying this Kabir died and his garden was filled with different animals and birds as per his will. All animals were living happily together in the garden. None of them hurt each other. The sparrows, lunars, canaries and other birds were always signing on the tall trees.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By hearing about the animals who were inside the garden other people and robbers did not dare to come near it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then Helen said, \uc0{\u8220}Darya do you know that Kabir is not there anymore now the robbers will attack to steal the precious gems and there will be fighting.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Darya said, \uc0{\u8220}no, it won\uc0{\u8217}t happen as long as the animals are united because there is no power in the world to defeat the unity.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}