{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy16\hr16\min05\sec29}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy16\hr16\min05\sec29}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since childhood I was very interested in cats but my family especially my father was against animal husbandry, so I could not have my favorite animal. Because a long time ago a very heart-breaking incident happened to my older sister\uc0{\u8217}s kittle and her cat got sick. She took it even to the animal\uc0{\u8217}s doctor but the kittle did not get well and finally after its death my sister was so sad and depressed. From that day my father did not allow us to keep any pets at home. It was a summer morning and the sound of a kittle was coming from the backyard of our house. \uc0{\u160}I looked through the window of the room and saw a sad and pleasant scene.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a very beautiful kittle that his mother had left him alone and she had gone. He called his mother with his weak voice saying he was hungry. He was so beautiful, sweet and lovely and shined with its golden and white furs. I asked my mother, \uc0{\u8220}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Please let this beautiful kittle be with us.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother agreed and my father gradually accepted the kittle too and daily we feed him. We brought milk and cheese for him. The poor little kittle was so hungry that he ate all the milk.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Days passed their interest in the golden kittle increased. I called him Talaie because he was white and golden. After a few months my family to moved to a new house. \uc0{\u160}We went to the new area with new neighbors, we took Talai with us too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We had good and happy days with Talai. When I came back from school, Talai was sleeping in front of the house and after finishing my homework, I was playing with Talai. My family members were not happy with our new house, so they decided to shift to a new house again. The day of moving arrived and it was the day with the worst memory for me. I went to the new house with my brother but my parents and sisters did not come yet.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sister said that, \uc0{\u8220} she will bring Talai with herself.\uc0{\u8221} It was evening when everyone arrived to our new house. My sister had a basket in her hand that was closed. She had put Talai in the basket. I was so happy and excited because after a few hours I would see Talai but my sister\uc0{\u8217}s face was not good. She was sad. But I didn\uc0{\u8217}t pay attention and took the basket from her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I opened the basket. It was empty and Talai was not there. I asked, \uc0{\u8220}where is Talai?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everyone just looked down and said nothing. I asked again with a spiteful voice, \uc0{\u8220}where is Talai?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother answered, \uc0{\u8220}when we put Talai in the basket he was very scared suddenly he ran away from the basket in the street. He went in a hurry and we couldn\uc0{\u8217}t catch him.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a bad day for me because my golden cat was no longer with me. He was very polite and sweet. Now that 10 years have passed I still remember Talai. Every time I see a cat, I remember him and that\uc0{\u8217}s why I don\uc0{\u8217}t have any feelings for the cats anymore since no cats will take the place of Talai for me.}}\par
\sect
}