{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy05\hr15\min27\sec43}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy05\hr15\min27\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He was said to be a short man with eyes made of steely bags underneath. Not much was known about him except that he was a top ally of the King. The Governor, as they called him, was the one who printed money in Balo State, kept the state\uc0{\u8217}s one-ton of gold and signed all the notes. He owned 70% of FBC Bank, one of Balo State\uc0{\u8217}s largest lenders \uc0{\u8211} and Zala Fuels, the largest gas stations company in the state. Though not official, the Governor was the de facto prime minister of the state and his word was next behind the King\uc0{\u8217}s.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Rumor was that the Governor walked around with a bevy of ten bodyguards all heavily armed with machine-guns and his inner circle was impenetrable. To reach him, it was said, one had to go through five personal assistants and a month-long queue. Bribes of 500grams of gold were to be paid under the table just to schedule a 30-minute chat with the Governor. The Governor took no prisoners when furious, the rumor mill said. Once he spotted a lover in the house of one of his mistresses. The poor fellow was given a choice: either sit on a hot gas stove or jump out the five-levels apartment. When the King\uc0{\u8217}s Army invaded DR State, the King benefited immensely from illicit contracts of gold, silver, lithium, emerald and diamond. The Governor, it was said, was appointed secretly to run the King\uc0{\u8217}s 400 mines which his army grabbed in DR State. As a favor too, the Governor was the only foreigner to be awarded a license to open a bank in DR State when the King\uc0{\u8217}s army helped defeat and drive rebels out of DR State.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Such was the fear and terror Sly held of the Governor based on the fearsome rumor of his legend.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However, lately, the Governor has shown his rare face in public. He had invented and rolled out Kig, the first currency in the world to have a barcode. Kig would start circulating in Balo State and extinguish the use of the US dollar, the Governor pledged. \uc0{\u8220}The failure of Kig or its success will solely my responsibility to bear. I am not a bad man,\uc0{\u8221} he said flashing new but elusive notes of Kig that had not yet hit the streets.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was on a Tuesday that Sly was down to his last US $ note and he was having a Zambezi lager pint at Hideout, a rundown pub at the heart of Avondale Town. On the television, the English Premier League soccer match between City and Arsenal was being beamed live and Sly was on the edge of the city, dragging both his eyes and the tiny pint of beer. Whoever was running Hideout pub was a stupid manager or owner, Sly thought. The pub reeked of urine smell, its floors were not tiled, the stale meat of cattle that had been by runaway trucks on the highways was being served to patrons, the waiters didn\uc0{\u8217}t appear to bother to be bath or wear perfume and the ceiling of the pub was cracking down unattended for years perhaps.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A 60s man sat at a wooden chair beside Sly\uc0{\u8217}s. He was drinking Castle Light and wearing some hand-downs, sandals, a t/shirt and belted trousers, and some old cap. He rose as soon as possible to meet the 30s man who wanted some documents signed. Sly was viewing it all as the 60s men perused the papers before him, dotting his signature slowly. Who was this familiar 60s man, Sly asked himself. He had seen a familiar face on TV but couldn\uc0{\u8217}t really figure out who was who. Was this 60s man a lawyer \uc0{\u8211} perhaps a bank manager?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The 60s man walked after signing a few pages. He went behind the cash register of the pub to fetch some more papers from an old khaki bag and appeared to act like the familiar pub managers who carried out weekend stocktaking to make sure cashiers were not stealing his beers or some of the daily takings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He came back to gulp his unattended beer \uc0{\u8211} and carried on signing papers. At once the noise in the pub was quieting down. All the patrons were stealing glances at the 60s man who appeared so unmoved by the occasion minding his own business as usual. For a while the 60s man appeared to be in deep thought, nibbling his teeth at a plastic pencil that he used to sign off papers with.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A young man in his 20s finally took the vacant seat of the 60s man that was next to Sly\uc0{\u8217}s. Sly couldn\uc0{\u8217}t hold it anymore. He hesitated, and hesitated, and finally whispered: \uc0{\u8220}Who is that 60s man whose face appears strikingly similar to the faces I see on TV?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young man clenched his beer and laughed heartily at Sly. \uc0{\u8220}He\uc0{\u8217}s the Governor. He\uc0{\u8217}s my uncle, he was born with my mum. He owns this pub. He\uc0{\u8217}s so humble\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\sect
}