{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy26\hr15\min55\sec49}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy26\hr15\min55\sec49}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Today, without any particular reason, I was wandering through the streets and roads of the city. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what or whom I was looking for. I drifted like the wind, enveloped in my own world. I had no idea where I would end up, whom I was going to meet. Perhaps, like a leaf detached from a tree, I was rolling and twirling in the embrace of the wind\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Today, I was letting myself be carried by this wind, hoping to find someone. Where exactly, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know. Whom, I also didn\uc0{\u8217}t know. I just knew that a pair of eyes was waiting to meet mine.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Maybe my eyes were searching for someone who never let my soul rest. I can\uc0{\u8217}t remember which alley I was in or how many gardens I passed through, how many lands I crossed, where I walked, or under what sky I roamed. I was that much eager to meet someone whose identity I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know, that I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t recognize myself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Suddenly, a gust of wind arose like a blaze of fire, engulfing me and making my turmoil even worse. I came to my senses and saw a pair of eyes before me. Eyes that seemed to tell a familiar story, yet I didn\uc0{\u8217}t recognize them. A pain seemed to scream from those eyes, a pain that felt like it originated from deep within my own soul. The long lashes, although shading the eyes, did not protect them. The mark of sorrow was clearly visible in those eyes. I would have to be blind not to see the light of grief, a light that burned my eyes with its sorrow. I thought the longer I looked, the more I would cry, the deeper I delved, the more I would drown in the sea of their sorrow\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I looked closer, I saw several mounds of ash. It was clear they had burned well, perhaps from the sunlight, but whatever it was, it had burned them thoroughly. There were bright embers too. I saw flames rising and burning, as if this fire had the power to burn forever, to blaze until the end of the days of these eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With great effort, I tore my eyes away from their gaze, as if freeing myself from the grip of a hundred giants and chains that had penetrated my body, no, my veins and blood.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But I had fallen from the frying pan into the fire. My eyes fell upon their fleshy lips. Lips that seemed to hold a hundred untold stories, stories full of thunder, wounds, and pain. A fraction of their sharpness was evident in the chapped and cracked lips.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Strangely, their wounds touched my heart. How could that be? Where has anyone ever seen wounds touch so beautifully the heart? Do wounds make things beautiful? I wondered why people bandage their wounds if they are so beautiful. Suddenly, I thought, no! This person cannot be human.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have never seen a human being with a hundred tales readable in their eyes and a hundred more awaiting to be told, locked within their lips.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No! This person is definitely not of this world.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was absorbed in their sorrowful, painful, waiting eyes, like someone trying to untangle a hundred-year-old knot, thinking of a way to unlock their lips sealed for a century, when a harsh voice interrupted. It was like listening to the silent music of heaven and suddenly hearing the devil\uc0{\u8217}s voice.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Do you want the mirror?\uc0{\u8221} the voice asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was stunned. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how long I was silent until the same devilish voice repeated, \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m asking, do you want the mirror?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I repeated to myself, \uc0{\u8221}The mirror, the mirror.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I don\uc0{\u8217}t know if it was his devilish voice or my own repeating of \uc0{\u8221}mirror, mirror\uc0{\u8221} that brought me back to my senses, like someone waking up from a hundred-year slumber. Unconsciously, I said, \uc0{\u8221}Yes.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In truth, this \uc0{\u8221}yes\uc0{\u8221} was not in my control. It was as if everything was under the command of those eyes within the mirror. I was entirely under their spell. Those eyes were ruling me. It felt like I had become nothing and everything was them. In my imagination, I was untangling the intricate stories locked in those eyes, knot by knot, when once again, the devilish voice snatched me from my world of dreams, saying that the mirror had a very modest price. I felt humiliated. How could he sell it so cheaply? Could he not see the image inside the mirror? I stood fully before it and saw it. With a tone of astonishment, trying to make him understand, I pointed to the mirror and said, \uc0{\u8221}This one?!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But again, he repeated the same thing, adding a \uc0{\u8221}yes\uc0{\u8221} at the beginning. I could no longer tolerate his insolence. How could he speak like that? Could he not see what was inside the mirror? True, the mirror had an old frame, which seemed to be made by an old lover who never reached his beloved. The pain-filled hands of the old man had crafted it, with every mark and design bearing witness to his sorrows. All of it was a tapestry of pain, every line a mark of suffering. I knew it. I recognized every line and design. It was impossible for such artistry to come from a heart without suffering. Impossible. But all of this aside, what about those eyes?! That gaze?! Just the price of the anticipation in those eyes was worth the lifetime of the oldest man in this city. I\uc0{\u8217}m not even talking about the love in those eyes, because if I were to speak of its price, I would belittle myself. It was more valuable than my own life, much heavier. I realized that with just one glance. This burden could not be borne by anyone else. All of this aside, how could he overlook those tightly sealed lips, whose first word would start an unknown tale, from which unknown things would flow? My ears were desperately thirsty for those words. I kept thinking about all of this and, in anger, turned and left. It seemed beneath me to argue with such an ignorant person who did not recognize the value of a jewel. My steps grew firmer, each one stomping harder on the ground. In the fire of anger, the lines on my forehead deepened. Again, that devilish voice called out, further degrading the already insignificant price, and I shot a fiery glance at him, cursing him under my breath as I walked away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how many steps I took, how many alleys I passed through, how many roads I crossed, when I realized and thought, \uc0{\u8221}Oh no! You left those eyes in that mirror with that jewel-ignorant man and walked away?!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Cursing myself and my old habit, I ran back towards those eyes. I should have abandoned this habit long ago. This habit of wandering aimlessly whenever anger flares up inside me, passing through every intersection and passageway, as if taking revenge on my innocent feet. Many times, I had gotten blisters, worn tight shoes, or walked with pebbles inside them, not pausing to remove them due to my anger. But those incidents were different. This time, I should not have left those eyes! With these thoughts and self-reproach, I breathlessly returned to where I had seen those eyes, but they were nowhere to be found. Where had the one inside the mirror gone? Had they fled from me? Had they been frightened by my anger? Or were they hurt by my departure? Whatever the case, they were gone, and so was the mirror. The mirror that held them within. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how many times I searched that place from top to bottom, how wide I opened my eyes to see everything clearly, when again that devilish voice reached my ears. I recognized that voice well by now: \uc0{\u8221}Are you here for the mirror?\uc0{\u8221} Without waiting for my answer, he said, \uc0{\u8221}But you are too late.\uc0{\u8221} It was as if he had seen the anticipation in my eyes. So, he knew the language of eyes too! How had he not read those eyes then? I thought to myself, those eyes were not like human eyes, so it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t strange that he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t read them. I felt desolate, as if I had lost myself. It was as if that wretched man had handed me over to someone else to be taken away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To whom had he entrusted me? At what price had he sold me? He had sold what could neither be bought nor sold so cheaply and insignificantly. It wasn\uc0{\u8217}t meant for buying or selling; it was meant for seeing, for hearing, for reading, for falling in love.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It felt like I was carrying the entire world on my shoulders, and they grew heavy and drooped. What if they had taken it to distant lands? Would those hundred untold stories locked in its lips and those hundred unread sorrows in its eyes remain forever? What if it never found a listener? What if it never found a reader?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Woe is me, woe to my ignorance! But that ridiculous man hadn\uc0{\u8217}t stopped his buying and selling, continuously showing me other mirrors. Foolish man! What value do all those mirrors hold compared to the image reflected in your gaze? Is every stone a gem?! With a disdainful look, I left that place forever, never daring to pass that road or even the nearby streets and alleys again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Even now, I wonder, where in the world is it? Who claims it as their own, the one within the mirror?! You who have taken me, return me to myself! That day, in that mirror, I went to meet myself and lost myself that very same day. You who have found me, return me to myself! Or take this me with you too! What a sorrowful loneliness\uc0{\u8230} I have fallen far from myself!}}\par
\sect
}