{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy17\hr00\min47\sec12}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy17\hr00\min47\sec12}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr Samson is a Burundian living in Bujumbura, the capital City of Burundi. He got married to his first wife whose name was Nishimwe. Samson and Nishimwe got married three years later after completing their university studies at Hope University. During their marriage, God blessed them with a boy child whose name was Niyongabo. Later on, Nishimwe got pregnant and by the time she was delivering her second child, she blooded a lot until she died before completely delivering the baby. This also affected the baby and made him die. On that day, both Nishimwe and her baby died and left Mr Samson together with his son Niyongabo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two years after the death of Nishimwe, Mr Samson planned to get married to another woman who is called Mbabazi, a refugee from Rwanda. Mbabazi was a widow whose husband was killed in the Rwanda genocide. Her husband also left her with a boy child of 5 years of age whose name was Mugisha. And Mbabazi could not give birth since she had a serious problem in her matrix due to many abortions she did before her first marriage. When Samson proposed to her to become his wife, she firstly explained her problem to him and then he showed no need to have more children. The lady finally agreed with Samson and this took them to their wedding plan until they successfully made it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then, Mr Samson felt comfortable with his second wife as each of them had one child and this gave him the expectation to see Mbabazi taking care of the two children without any discrimination ion. As the days were passing, the two children (Niyongabo and Mugisha) grew up and it was not easy to identify the one was older than the other due to their ages that were almost the same. Niyongambo had three months more than Mugisha. At the age of 12, when they were already at secondary school, Mbabazi planned to secretly kill her stepson as he was a legal child of Samson. The idea of Mbabazi was to eliminate Niyongabo in order to stay with her son Mugisha as the only child in the family. The secret was revealed thanks to the audios the husband found in her phone showing the communication she had with a person to whom she was asking a quick poison. One day, Mbabazi cooked irish potatoes and beans. As she used to keep the meal in separate bowls for each of the two children because they studied at different schools, she put the poison in Niyongabo\uc0{\u8217}s meal and left the bowl in the kitchen as usual but that of Mugisha left it in the cupboard. After that, she left home for a nearest shop to buy some stuff expecting Niyongabo to come the first as usual. While on the way to the shop, Mugisha also came back home the first and went straight into the kitchen where he found the meal and ate it without knowing any thing. Few minutes later, Mbabazi arrived and met her son already eaten the empoisoned meal. When she saw that, knowing the secret behind the meal, she immediately got distressed and started sending some audios requesting rescue to the one who provided her the poison . While breathing fast by sending audios, both her husband and her stepson arrived and met her sending audios on the phone. Seeing that, the husband suddenly ravished her the phone to play all the audios. After hearing all the audios, he asked some questions to the wife but she answered nothing. This made Samson angrily take his son and left Mbabazi with her son. They went straight to the police and reported the matter. The police came and met Mbabazi with her son at the entrance door wanting to go and meet the poison provider for help. The police arrested her and took the son to a hospital for a test before proceeding with any treatment. At the police station, Mbabazi accepted the charge and begged them to take her son to Ndayizeye, the poison provider, for rescue. Then, the police took Mugisha to the man and the man treated him before being arrested. Finally, the court released the sentence of 25 years in prison. Mugisha went back to his uncles in Rwanda and Samson with his son left the country for Tanzania after selling the properties they had including the house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Mr Samson is a Burundian living in Bujumbura, the capital City of Burundi. He got married to his first wife whose name was Nishimwe. Samson and Nishimwe got married three years later after completing their university studies at Hope University. During their marriage, God blessed them a boy child whose name was Niyongabo. Later on, Nishimwe got pregnant and the time she was delivering the her second child, she blooded a lot until she died before completely delivering the baby. This also affected the baby and made him die. On that day, both Nishimwe and her baby died and left Mr Samson together with his son Niyongabo.Two years after the death of Nishimwe, Mr Samson planned to get married to another woman who is called Mbabazi, a refugee from Rwanda. Mbabazi was a widow whose husband was killed in the Rwanda genocide. Her husband also left her with a boy child of 5 years of age whose name was Mugisha. And Mbabazi could not give birth since she had a serious problem in her matrix due to many abortions she did before her first marriage. When Samson proposed her to become his wife, she firstly explained her problem to him and then he showed no need to have more children. The lady finally agreed with Samson and this took them to their wedding plan until they successfully made it.}\par
\sect
}