{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy29\hr18\min00\sec44}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy29\hr18\min00\sec44}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yesterday was a tough day for me. I was in my friend\uc0{\u8217}s car heading to town when we spotted my boyfriend\uc0{\u8217}s car ahead. He stopped to give a woman a ride, and it made me wonder if they knew each other. My friend, being curious, suggested we follow them to see what was going on. He dropped her off near Gateway Mall. My friend encouraged me to ask the woman why she was in my boyfriend\uc0{\u8217}s car. She explained that he had just given her a lift out of kindness and hadn\uc0{\u8217}t even asked for her number. We tried checking her phone to see if her number was saved, but it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I called him right away, and we agreed to meet at Crossroads Hotel. When we met, I showed him the woman\uc0{\u8217}s number on his phone and calmly asked why he was giving rides to random women. Instead of explaining, he got defensive and left shortly in his car. When I got home, I found out he had packed his things that were there since he had keys thought we were not staying in different locations. His phone was off, and his sister told me he left because he thought I was causing problems.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since then, I\uc0{\u8217}ve been devastated and unable to sleep. I wish I could go back and change things. I don\uc0{\u8217}t want our two-year relationship to end like this. Losing my boyfriend would be heartbreaking because we have been together for so long now. Despite our challenges, we have shared so many happy memories and dreams for the future. I believe in our love and our ability to work through this.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have tried calling him countless times, but his phone remains off. I can\uc0{\u8217}t help but wonder where he is and what he\uc0{\u8217}s doing. Is he meeting that woman I saw him with? The uncertainty is unbearable. When I finally see him again, I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what I\uc0{\u8217}ll do. Part of me wants answers to why he left so suddenly and why he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t talk things through with me. But more than anything, I want to understand if there\uc0{\u8217}s a way forward for us. I want to listen to him, to hear his side of the story, and to see if we can rebuild the trust and love that once bound us together.}}\par
\sect
}