{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy28\hr11\min41\sec29}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy28\hr11\min41\sec29}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She knew those were her last moments.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hidden Valley road, second block, just in the corner between Allen\uc0{\u8217}s bookshop and Tuslar Coffeshop. She was placed in what most called a friendly and lively neighborhood. Children running around throughout the year, laughing and playing and enjoying life made her happy. She remembered what she was before she came here. She used to be in a forest, quiet and full of life. The sun and rain would nourish her, the wind would caress her and she took comfort in all the life that surrounded her. The russells of leaves in the spring and summer were her whispered lullaby and during the winter, she slept dreaming of the spring and the warmth of the sun. Life was perfect, until the two-legged monsters showed up with their hard cold teeth, biting at her ferociously and mercilessly. She screamed, wailed, cried and begged them to stop, but they didn\uc0{\u8217}t listen, they didn\uc0{\u8217}t speak her language. They severed her body from her heart in the earth, it was excruciating. She thought she had died, and she had, for the most part. Part of her was still alive though, a small part. She was alive but she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t feel the sun on her skin, rain didn\uc0{\u8217}t feel anything on her. She was living dead, part living and mostly dead. The two-legged monsters took her away, her and all her friends in the forest. She could hear them screaming, some of them truly died and remained silent, some, like her, clung to life (or was it unlife?). The unliving ones were terrified, crying and asking for help. She felt abandoned by the forest itself. They lifted her up and hoisted into something dark and cold. It started to move with a horrifying roar away from the forest, away from her home and heart.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She slept in a dreamless coma for a while, she thought she was dead when she was awoken with another roar and scream. The scream was coming from a strange thing she had never seen before. This screaming thing flayed the skin off her flesh with a deafening shriek. But she felt nothing, she didn\uc0{\u8217}t feel any pain, she didn\uc0{\u8217}t feel the coldness of its teeth against her skin. She only lay there, helpless and scared, thinking of her home, her heart, her family.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The two-legged monsters hoisted her up again, bare and skinless as she had become. They put her in another dark place and it started to move. She lay there for what felt like an eternity. No sun, no rain, no wind, only darkness and motion to no certain direction that she could possibly know. The dark moving thing stopped after a while and they dragged her out. She could feel the sunlight, but she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t feel its warmth on her naked flesh. Small mercies, and she was happy, nonetheless, for it. Two of the monsters carried her to a spot. There was so much noise, shrieks and screams and thumps of things that were all alien to her. There were so many of the two-legged ones there, each one doing something different. A few were carrying others like her, all dead and silent. A few others were doing things to the ones like her who had already been there, all dead and silent too. She tried calling out to them, she introduced herself and where she came from, but none of them responded. She was scared again, all alone with no one to talk to. They pulled her up and planted her into the ground, like she used to be planted when she was whole. Now it felt like nothing. A bare, skinless body planted into the earth like a morbid and sacrilegious effigy.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Time passed slowly. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t know for how long they had been doing those horrible things to her. She fell into a dreamless sleep again. She woke up feeling different. She felt like a part of a whole. There were these others like her attached to her, all dead. She called out to them but no sound came out. She was alone. They started putting something smelly on her and the rest of the others. It smelled wrong and vile but she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t feel the disgust. She simply accepted it. Acceptance was her only choice now. When they were done, they left her alone for a while.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It took her a long time to learn how to extend her essence and consciousness through the others and possess their lifeless form but she did it and after a long time, she felt partially whole again. She felt like she had a body again, different but a body nonetheless. She could feel the wind again, it felt different but she could tell it was wind. She felt the rain on her new body. Her new body consisted of her own and the others and some more she could not understand, but it didn\uc0{\u8217}t matter to her. She had a body once again.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}After a while, the two-legged monsters came back, but these ones were different. They didn\uc0{\u8217}t do anything horrible to her. One of them kept touching her, her delicate fingers caressing her \uc0{\u8220}flesh\uc0{\u8221} and she touched her back with curiosity. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t feel any malice from this one. The other one, the little one, kept running around inside her. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t mind the little one\uc0{\u8217}s steps. There was a third. He walked around inside her, making noises. She realized that\uc0{\u8217}s how these monsters communicate, with noises. The new ones didn\uc0{\u8217}t leave, they brought in objects and things, some with a familiar sense to her and some completely bizarre and strange and unnatural to her. The new ones stayed. The little one kept running around inside her but she no longer minded and she found that she actually liked it. The little one kept making this cackling noise and then the gentle one, the one who had touched her, made the same noise. It took her a long while but she learned. She learned what they were called and what they called each other. She learned their noises and what they meant by those noises. She watched this strange apparition they had with them with scenes inside of it. She listened and watched and learned. After a while she knew what they said to each other. The gentle one was called \uc0{\u8220}Mary\uc0{\u8221}, but the little one called her \uc0{\u8220}mom\uc0{\u8221}. The little one was called \uc0{\u8220}Susie\uc0{\u8221}. The other one was called \uc0{\u8220}Steve\uc0{\u8221} but the little one called him \uc0{\u8220}dad\uc0{\u8221}.\uc0{\u160} She learned that these two-legged beings had \uc0{\u8220}names\uc0{\u8221} and they called out to one another. They were not like her kind. They could not feel each others\uc0{\u8217} presence through the earth. They had other forms of communicating. Over time she learned their language, their ways of living, loving and sustenance.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Days passed and then weeks and then months. She adapted and learned and learned. She learned enough of their ways to understand them. She understood enough to know what a loving \uc0{\u8220}mother\uc0{\u8221} Mary was and what a wonderful \uc0{\u8220}child\uc0{\u8221} Susie was. She understood enough to know what a horrible \uc0{\u8220}husband\uc0{\u8221} Steve was. She saw and heard Steve beat Mary when Susie was outside of her body. She understood enough to know how Steve raped Mary occasionally. She understood enough to know what rape was and how Mary kept lying to herself that it will all be alright once Steve quit drinking. She kept watching TV with Mary and Susie and she learned enough to know that Steve\uc0{\u8217}s drinking was only an excuse. She watched Regis with Mary every morning and watched Susie as she did her homework when she came back inside her body. She came to adore these two \uc0{\u8220}humans\uc0{\u8221} and she came to loathe and despise this awful being, Steve. She learned that she had no power and agency to actually do anything about Steve. She was doomed to watch him abuse her again and again. Until one day, Steve left her body and never returned. She was shocked to see Mary cry when Steve didn\uc0{\u8217}t come back. She thought she\uc0{\u8217}d be happy but Mary kept crying and crying quietly every night when Susie was asleep in bed with her.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She learned enough from TV to know how Mary was in an abusive relationship but was so codependent that she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t do anything about it. Oprah had a show about that one night when they were all watching. She saw and understood recognition in Mary\uc0{\u8217}s face. For many years then it was just the three of them; Mary, Susie and her, and they were all happy. Until Susie left. She left for \uc0{\u8220}college\uc0{\u8221}. She had learned what college was. It was a place where children would go to once they had fully grown and it was time for Susie to go as well. She cried along with Mary the day Susie collected her things and left.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Weeks passed, then months and then years. Susie came back and stayed for a while occasionally but not for long. She would stay in her bedroom and sleep in her old bed as she watched her sleep. She wished she could touch her, caress her and hug her. She had come to love these two as her own kind.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 More years passed. Mary was not as she used to be. She had grown weak. She fell more often than she used to. She sat for longer than she used to. She was beginning to shrivel, growing smaller in stature. Susie didn\uc0{\u8217}t visit as often as she had before and they both missed her dearly but she would call on occasions to let Mary know where she was and what she was doing. That was enough for her, just to know that she was safe.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And then one day, Mary stopped moving. She went to sleep while watching Regis\uc0{\u8217}s morning show and never woke up. She felt her last breath leaving her body. She tried to call out to her but knew better that Mary couldn\uc0{\u8217}t hear or feel her anymore. She was dead.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Susie came back for the funeral. \uc0{\u8220}It was a lovely service\uc0{\u8221} she kept hearing from the guests who had come to the wake to mourn her death. She couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see the funeral but she wished she could. Mary was her friend, her only friend throughout these years and she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t even say good-bye to her. She mourned her death.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Years passed and she was all alone. Susie never came back. No one came to visit her, to touch her walls, to run around inside of her laughing. She had learned to talk to the other houses and had made some friends out of the other ones but one by one they were all gone. There were these new ones that appeared. Grey looking, tall and lifeless. Utterly lifeless. She tried to call out to them and interact but nothing came out. And then one day, they came for her. She knew it instantly. It was her time. They were going to tear her down and build one of these apartment blocks. The neighborhood was going through a change. She had watched the news on TV with Mary. Mary had been one of the few who had refused to sell to the developers for so long.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They brought their demolition machinery. That big angry soulless wrecking ball came right in front of her. She looked at it, then she looked at the other humans standing around her, sledge hammers in hand, ready to tear her apart. She forgave them. They didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what they were doing to her. They didn\uc0{\u8217}t know she had been a living thing. How could they have known? The wrecking ball tore through her destroying her front door and shattering all the windows. She felt no pain but felt her life essence flickering and fading with every strike. With every strike, memories flashed before her; the first day Mary and Susie came. The first time Susie came back from school and she was so happy. The time when Susie had a great birthday party with all her friends. The time Susie was caught making out with her boyfriend in her bedroom. All the good times the three of them had shared flowed through her consciousness as the men were tearing her apart with their hammers and tools until there was nothing left of her. She closed her eyes and summoned the image of Mary and Susie laughing with bright faces as her consciousness slipped out and she blinked out of existence. A moment before she died, she imagined her forest and her brothers and sisters one last time.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She had lived a good life. No. She had lived two good lives. More than most could hope for.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {}\par
\sect
}