{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy07\hr10\min14\sec21}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy07\hr10\min14\sec21}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They had to move from one town to another small town because they could not manage to live expensive life anymore. They shifted to another district to a certain family friend who is also a refugee and had a clinic in the area. They lived there for a year because his father could not find a job. After a while, his father got lucky and find a job in the town again. They had to move and go back to the town again. This was so fun since they enjoyed the trip so much. Mujago could not imagine how he felt that day because he was super happy. When they reached their new house, he was so happy and everyone was in the family. He waited for the opening of the school very much because he could not wait to attend his new school. He started learning and made a new friend. His life was becoming normal again and the mother started to plan for the next business. As time goes, she started selling rice at the rice mill. She started with two bags of rice on the market. After some time, she believed in the business and worked very hard on the subject matter.After a few months, the business got bigger and life was okay with no problems. Things started changing. In 2012, his father got a chance to continue his studies as he was offered a scholarship to do a master\uc0{\u8217}s degree in international relationships. The family was happy, they received special treatment from the host communities and were able to see a better future with that step. They saw the step as one of the biggest steps for the family. It was a year that we could not forget since the family accomplished a lot. The family was impressed by their mother because tried to make her home a better home.One night she was so tired from work, she received a call from a quick customer in Zambia who wanted to buy her rice. She rushed to meet the customers so that she can get done with the product she had in the store at that time and she did not come that night, they slept. In the morning one of the men who worked with her came and started telling Mujago\uc0{\u8217}s father what has happened the previous night. Then, he said to everyone that \uc0{\u8220}your mother was found dead near the graveyard\uc0{\u8221} in the same community}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}