{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy10\hr10\min36\sec36}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy10\hr10\min36\sec36}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 THE HUNTER}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a family that lived in Cholo Village and around were three neighbouring families only. The family had four people. a father, a mother, and two children, one girl and one boy. The family lived a miserable lifestyle. They lived in a hut that had no door or even a window. They slept on mats, as they did not have money to buy mattresses and other house materials, such as curtains, chairs, and bedsheets.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The two children were unable to attend school and had to stay at home to assist their parents with housework. The boy used to go hunting with his father and always told him to work hard to become a strong hunter like him, and the girl remained home with her mother. From when he was a young boy until he married, the family\uc0{\u8217}s father worked as a hunter. The family lived in a very happy environment despite being poor; every evening they gathered around settled firewood to have more stories and laughs together.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, the father went hunting to get food for the family to eat. Unfortunately, he killed nothing and returned home without anything to eat. The whole family looked frustrated and hungry because they had not eaten since the morning. The father found it stressful seeing his family in a different mood; he was puzzled over how to bring the family back to normal. He went to his friend Hunter to ask for anything to eat. The friend shared a small part of a deer he killed that day, and he took the meat to the family. The family was very happy; they ate and slept to wait for the next day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The father awoke early in the morning, as was his custom, and went hunting in the bush. He did not accompany his child that day because he slept late due to hunger and because it was cloudy and windy. It was unusually noisy when the father entered the bush; not even the horse was quiet. He recalled that only when a lion gives birth are all the animals respected and no one is allowed to move, but rather celebrate with him as the king of the jungle. According to the father. Because everyone was looking for him as the family provider, he had no choice but to return home and continue hunting. When the father took five steps ahead, a lion just missed his face off. The father was very afraid and started shivering despite being too strategic. He thought of going back home but he remembered that the family was waiting for him to bring food. He continued with his steps ahead looking for food.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He searched hard and killed a small lion, just as he turned back to start his journey back home. a group of lions appeared very angry and moaning for their lost one. The lions all gathered around the hunter and killed him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At sunset, the family of the hunter, the mother, and the two children settled around the fire, waiting for their father to come back and bring the food. They waited for the father, but to no avail. They decided to eat the small fruit they picked from their nearby garden and sleep with the hope that the father might come at night. The two children slept, but the mother did not; she was concerned about her husband\uc0{\u8217}s delayed arrival and what he was doing until then. Very early in the morning, the mother woke the kids up and asked them to go look for their father in the bush where they used to go. They first went to his fellow hunter to ask him about their father, but the friend said he knew nothing about his absence and advised them to go look for him in the bush, although it is very dangerous and might cost their lives.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They started their journey in the bush looking for their father. The bush was quiet as the celebration of the lion\uc0{\u8217}s birth was over. Just at the entrance exactly where their father was eaten by lions, they find some bones of a person which they automatically concluded was their father\uc0{\u8217}s. the mother broke up into cries and the two kids were as well. The young boy gave them heart and said they should go cry at home to save their life as well.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They collected their father\uc0{\u8217}s bones on their way home and buried them at their home. The three neighbouring families around them came and comforted them for the loss. Three months later, the mother died of depression and stress due to the death of her husband. The two kids cried a lot over the loss of their parents, as they remained orphans with no relatives to take care of them. The boy was under great stress and remembered what his father told him\uc0{\u8212}that he should work hard to be like him. The young boy and his sister came up with the idea of going hunting and killing the majority of the animals in the bush.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They started their practices, and the young boy taught her sister all the strategies to become a strong hunter. They started hunting animals in the bush every day, while also learning other tactics from their father\uc0{\u8217}s friend, who was also a hunter. As the days went by, the two kids became very strong hunters. They started killing most animals in the bush with the bitterness of losing their parents. They continued their hunting until they had killed the majority of the lions in the bush.}}\par
\sect
}