{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy18\hr18\min17\sec39}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy18\hr18\min17\sec39}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I used to like going to restaurants during lunch time but I began to hate it after meeting a waitress who made me to lose appetite for going to restaurants. It was in 2021 during the mid-December when I decided to go with my workmate to eat at African Sweet Food restaurant. I really enjoy the food from that restaurant and that is why I decided to take my friend there so that he would also test the sweetness of a meal at that restaurant.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our lunch time at work takes 1 hour and I decided to make it early so that we could eat hot food. After reaching at the restaurant, I ordered two plates of chips and chicken plus soup for both of us. We started eating the food that I ordered. My friend appreciated the food with just one spoon. I told him that indeed, the food was sweet as usual and I like the way the restaurant is so clean which mean there is nothing like diseases that can affect a customer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Things turned out differently when the waitress that worked at the restaurant that day ruined my day. I had a call from my girlfriend that she wanted to eat and she was so hungry. I told her that I was at a restaurant and it was easy for me to order food for her since I was already there. I decided to order another plate but it was supposed to be put in the take-away container. I stood up and told the waiter that I need another plate and I will carry eat with me on my way back to work.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The waiter agreed to put the food in the take-away plate but she told me that I will have to add half a dollar of United States. I told her that it\uc0{\u8217}s not an issue for me to add money. My workmate and I finished eating which means that we were good to go. I told the waitress that we were ready to go and she had to give me my take-away container. Unfortunately, the container was leaking. When I checked it, I found that it had a hole underneath.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I told the waitress that the take-away container was leaking and I asked her to change it. The waitress replied while shouting, \uc0{\u8220}Why are you so annoying hee\uc0{\u8230} I think you don\uc0{\u8217}t need food, take it like that or leave it\uc0{\u8221}. I was very shocked to see that kind of reaction from her. I asked myself in my mind like \uc0{\u8220}How will I carry food with a leaking container yet I paid for it?\uc0{\u8221}. I decided to leave the food and I told my workmate that we should leave. What pained me most is that my girlfriend stayed hungry the whole day because I was unable to bring her food. From that day, I stopped going to that restaurant even though they cook food that I like.}}\par
\sect
}