{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy19\hr13\min45\sec44}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy19\hr13\min45\sec44}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160}THE IRRESPONSIBLE ROOM Part 2}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A one week after Lisa had killed her father, her mom was still suffering from depression and stress due to the instance of her husband\uc0{\u8217}s death and Lisa was just staying in her room.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Next morning, the door was locked and there was three visitors at the door. Two police men and one coworker of the husband.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Police : we are looking for your husband madam, it been a week now and he is not coming to work and no note for his absence.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mother : she started sweating and breathing heavily and she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t talk for a while.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Police : madam we\uc0{\u8217}re talking to you!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mother : he just left home a week ago and he didn\uc0{\u8217}t tell us where he went, I have been trying to reach out his phone but he\uc0{\u8217}s not picking.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Police : okay, we are going to report this case at work and at the police station for more investigation because your husband is truly needed for owing the company\uc0{\u8217}s money and he was supposed to pay it back after this week.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The police then left and said you better find your husband as soon as possible because the money he own the company is needed and your husband must pay it back otherwise your house and all his belongings will be taken away until he comes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s mother fell down and started crying out loud, she went to Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s house and told her everything and asked her what should we do now. Lisa answered I really don\uc0{\u8217}t know mother I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what came over me , I was so angry, and and confused at the same time. Forgive me mother.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They planned to wake up at night at midnight to unburry the corpse. They carried it outside their compound but it was already destroyed and smelling a lot. Lisa and her mother dropped the dead body to the highway of their city and covered it with a black plastic paper. Unfortunately, their one of their neighbour who worked for a night shift saw everything They were doing. They quickly left the dead body and left the body so quickly and ran back to their house. The neighbour was so surprised seeing them that night and what they were doing. After Lisa and her mother left, the neighbour curiosity went to see what they burried. He was so shocked, surprised and disappointed about what he saw.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He did not move until the next day, that\uc0{\u8217}s when he got conscious he quickly left the place and went in his house . a few hours later he went to Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s house and asked where is your father???}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I\uc0{\u8217}m looking for him, there is something important I want to tell him. Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s mother could not respond but Lisa came in and said my Dad left for town but we don\uc0{\u8217}t know when he\uc0{\u8217}s coming back . The neighbour said okay when he comes tell him I\uc0{\u8217}m looking for him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He could not hesitate and he\uc0{\u160} called the police to report what he saw at night and he gave the location of where he Saw the dead body but he hid his contact information and who he was .}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The police hurried to see the corpse and carried it for investigation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At noon, Lisa and her mother were received a call that, they\uc0{\u8217}re immediately needed at the police station for their father\uc0{\u8217}s death.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s mother fell to the ground with tearing flowing down her cheeks and and felt paralyzed for an hour,\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lisa confidently stood up and said to her mother, mother wake up and let\uc0{\u8217}s go I\uc0{\u8217}ll defend myself. Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s mother said we shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t go for we will surely be imprisoned for this crime.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lisa answered her mother, what happened to me is more than a crime and no way won\uc0{\u8217}t I be find innocent for my action.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lisa took the knife she used to kill her step father with and she was ready to go.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Arriving at the police station Lisa was asked, where her mother is . She responded, my mother is innocent and not concerned about this, I\uc0{\u8217}m concerned and I have come to prove my innocence.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The judge urged to see Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s mother and he should be the one to talk and explain everything and not Lisa but Lisa said, the case is mine and I did the act so let me give my evidence and my explanation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The judge accepted to let Lisa speak for herself but asked her mother to be there because she\uc0{\u8217}ll also have to give her own explanation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s mother arrived while crying.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The judge asked Lisa why did you kill your father.??!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Before the explanation, Lisa opened her bag and removed a knife she used to stub her father with and a pregnancy test result that was positive.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She gave her explanation that her step father had been abusing her sexually and asked her to keep it as a secret from her mother. And here is the prove of the pregnancy test. The pregnancy I carry is for my step father and lisa cried out loud.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s mother after hearing that her daughter was pregnant, she passed out before explaining herself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The judge made a decision to say Lisa is innocent and she did the act out of anger, bitterness she had toward her father\uc0{\u8217}s acts.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All the wealth of her father was given to her and she signed papers for confirmation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}