{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr17\min14\sec28}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr17\min14\sec28}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Malawi has always been a home to many refugees since 1995 when the government of Malawi had an agreement with the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees that the refugee camp should be put in existence. The more years that could pass, the more refugees could increase in number. As of now, there are close to fifty-one thousand (51,000) refugees residing in Dzaleka Refugee Camp, Malawi. There is a feeling that the number of refugees is going to increase by the end of the year.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The more the refugees could come in the refugee camp, food was a very difficult item to find on a daily basis especially to those with large families and this is still the same until today. There are some refugees with different skills like, plumbing, gardening, farming, entrepreneurship who saw that it was unnecessary for them to stay in the refugee camp with these skills. They chose to go out of the camp and use their skills in finding food and helping their families.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Many refugees decided to go to the capital city and other places across the country to search for a living. However, the agreement between the government and the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees was that the refugees should stay in the refugee camp and they are not allowed to move out. This agreement was like an obstacle for the refugees and it could not be respected since refugees are like other beings and they deserve a right to move freely. When a refugee wants to move out of the camp, they are just given a document that expires in two days and after those two days, a person is supposed to be back in the refugee camp otherwise they can be arrested.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This made the lives of the skilled refugees become tough. They decided to take a risk and scattered themselves in different areas across the country. Most of them opened some shops and some do farm. Just few months ago, the government of Malawi decided to take measures to return all the refugees in the refugee camp. It was like a nightmare for the refugees who started making life outside the camp. They were being drugged out of their houses around 10pm and arresting them. After somedays, they were bringing them back to the refugee camp without their things. It is like they are starting from zero again. Others who were lucky could come back with their things before the police catch them. 2023 is the year of nightmare for refugees who are staying in Malawi. The whole world needs to pray for refugees in Malawi.}}\par
\sect
}