{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo12\dy06\hr17\min02\sec57}{\revtim \yr2022\mo12\dy06\hr17\min02\sec57}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Irresponsible Room By Ongwa Wakilongo}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}\uc0{\u8217}why have you done this Lisa \uc0{\u8216}\uc0{\u8217} Her mother asked surprisedly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lisa is a young beautiful girl 14 years old. She has gorgeous eyes, a pointed nose, a dark complexion, and a dimple on her cheek. She lives with her stepfather, mother, and two siblings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her stepfather owns a soap-making company and a car-hiring station. however, He neither loved her nor cared for her. Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s mother fell in love with this man because of her lower economic status. As she could not provide for her family\uc0{\u8217}s needs.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}Lisa learns at a school near their village in form one with a great passion to become a computer engineer but she does not know how. She always gets it hard to continue with her education because of school fees.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, Lisa heard a knock on her door. \uc0{\u8221} Lisa opens the door,\uc0{\u8221} said the stepfather.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} what are you looking for this early morning.?\uc0{\u8221} Lisa asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} I have come to check up on you my lovely daughter.\uc0{\u8221} The stepfather replied kindly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lisa surprisingly opens the door for her stepfather. The stepfather puts Lisa on his lap pretending to show care and love which Lisa had never thought of.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He escorted her to school and gave her some pocket money for her lunch and transport for her return home. Lisa appreciated and started to view her stepfather as responsible and loving compared to what people talk about him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lisa became very happy and hardworking at school to make his father proud.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Days after, on 24th December, the stepfather called Lisa and asked her to ask anything she wanted for her birthday party to totalize 15 years old. And it should be as expensive as she liked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} I want a dress and a pick handbag,\uc0{\u8221} she said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}Lisa ordered the things she preferred for that day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Thank you, my queen, for the request but I think that is too small for you to ask I would give you a sea of diamonds and All prosperity of this world if you wanted.\uc0{\u8221} Replied the stepfather with a glooming smile on his face.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lisa becomes very happy. she tells All her friends about the behavioral change of her stepfather and all the items he has purchased for her birthday.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The friends became proud of her because of her caring father.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s mother too admired the good deeds of her husband toward her daughter. But doubted how he changed suddenly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the day of the party, Lisa went with her stepfather to town for enjoyment and the celebration of the day. They enjoyed, played different games and the most interesting part is that they went to visit a zoo where Lisa had a chance to see a lot of animals she had never dreamed of seeing .when about coming back home, it was already 22 hours at night and so Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s stepfather booked a hotel for their rest and to start the journey back home the next the morning.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Unexpectedly, Lisa finds out that her stepfather booked one room for them. She asked nothing for it is her stepfather\uc0{\u8217}s decision maybe it is because of security reasons. moreover, she trusts him. While preparing to go in beg, Lisa went to the bathroom to help herself but all of a sudden she lost consciousness and fell in the bathroom.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}Puff!! a voice is heard in the bathroom where Lisa was.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Surprisingly, Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s stepfather rejoices for his plans will soon be accomplished. He had put valium drugs into Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s drink to make things easy. He brought Lisa from the bathroom and directly to bed. With no pity, he undressed Lisa and had sex with her, he broke her virginity. Lisa got up screaming to the last note of her voice but only blood was oozing between her legs.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}\uc0{\u8217} why have you done this to me!! I thought you changed. I called you father, I respected and now this is the return.?\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} Lisa said irritably while rivers of tears are flowing down her cheeks.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She tried to jump down from the bed and start her journey home but she did not manage because of pain and bleeding.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}\uc0{\u8217} Get back to bed stupid do you think I can do this to you.? \uc0{\u8216}\uc0{\u8217} the stepfather replied furiously while pretending to cry.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was outside to pay the bill for the rooms and all the food we ate, I heard you screaming and so I rushed to come to save you. I was on top of you trying to cool you down and nothing else fortunately, I fought them to death and they all run away. You have to thank me for that. Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s stepfather tried to blindfold her from being the perpetrator. He warned and frightened Lisa to keep it a secret and never to tell anyone because those people are dangerous and once, they hear their news published she can be killed. He also promised to pay her school fees and provide her with anything she needs only when the secret is kept closed and whatever happens to her should be addressed to the stepfather and no one else.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lisa had no choice but just to abide by her stepfather\uc0{\u8217}s decision because in their culture a child at all costs and evil does not suppose to argue with an older person.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s father went to the pharmacy to buy medicines for her to gain strength. they spent two days at the hotel for Lisa to get well, reaching the third day they started their journey back home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Upon reaching home Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s mother noticed a change in her daughter\uc0{\u8217}s walking.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}\uc0{\u8217} Lisa walk properly.\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} the mother shouted curiously.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lisa explained everything to her mother and that his father was the one responsible. However, her mother did not trust all she said but also warned her to keep it a secret and not to condemn his father. She remained quiet and became depressed about what she is passing through.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Three months later, it was around midnight Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s stepfather got into her room and tells her he would call those people who raped her at the hotel immediately if she refused to have sex with her. She accepted for fear of being killed but she was very irritated about this.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This did not stop there; Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s stepfather took it as an advantage and continue sleeping with her daughter and they had to procure abortions secretly every time Lisa is found pregnant.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lisa became traumatized and built up a violent attitude toward every male creature she sees. A certain light Lisa had a feeling of his stepfather coming over to her room. she prepares a sharp knife to end her lifetime problem. Possibly, the stepfather got in the room and wanted to start his usual affairs. Lisa was already prepared she removed a knife a stabbed his father continuously to his death.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}