{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy16\hr16\min05\sec50}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy16\hr16\min05\sec50}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 ring ring \uc0{\u1548} I woke up with the sound of the alarm. Every night before going to sleep, I would activate the mobile alarm to wake up for morning prayers. I said to myself under the blanket, stop it, it\uc0{\u8217}s not over, I took my hand out from under the blanket and took the mobile phone. I could not open my eyes. I felt that my eyelashes were glued together. I forcefully opened my eyes until I saw the mobile screen and hit the off button, I pulled the blanket over me again and while I was sleeping and awake I was telling myself to wake up, it\uc0{\u8217}s time for prayer, but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t get up, my body was heavy. I was trying to get up when my father said in a loud voice: Get up because it is the time of your prayer. Finally, I got up, prayed, sat down and opened the Qur\uc0{\u8217}an. While reading, I thought about how boring and repetitive life has become. We go to sleep, wake up and do the usual things, and then go to sleep again, and the days go by in this way. How much our life is without excitement and change, the only concern of all of us is to find money to fill our stomachs. After reading a few pages of the Quran, a dream came to me. I closed the Quran, kissed it and put it in its place, which was at the highest height compared to other objects. I had gone to the kitchen to prepare breakfast, but I paused for a few minutes due to the noise coming from the alley. My father rushed out of the house. When my father left, I quickly moved to the window. My eyes fell on a tall man with a long beard. While holding a stick with his right hand, the man was beating a skinny boy with his other hand. The boy was wearing old and dusty pink clothes, beard buds were visible on his face, he looked 18 years old or younger. A number of men formed a circle and just watched the scene, so that the boy\uc0{\u8217}s screams did not reach their ears.The young boy swears in the name of God and said that he did not do anything. He held his hands in front of his face to ward off the blows of the stick and said with a trembling voice while crying, \uc0{\u8221}I am not a thief, I swear that I am innocent.\uc0{\u8221} He said you got it wrong, it\uc0{\u8217}s someone else\uc0{\u8217}s job. The boy was trying to save himself from the man and said that he only passed this way to get to his work, which was in a nearby building. In addition to his screams, the boy cursed himself and said that he would lose his job if he was late to the building. The boy cried and begged to save himself from that strong man, but no one responded to all those pleas, as if no one heard. After an hour, the man with the stick in his hand got tired and his hands were no longer strong, so he stopped hitting the boy. He threw the stick on the ground and took the boy\uc0{\u8217}s hand and said we should go to the police, the boy started crying and begging again, but the man did not pay attention.The boy said that he didn\uc0{\u8217}t do anything and he won\uc0{\u8217}t go to the police. At that moment, the police car came and started talking to the man.The window was far away from where they were talking, and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t hear their voices properly, only from the man\uc0{\u8217}s hand movements that, was showing the boy, I understood, he was telling the police something about the boy, after they finished talking, the police officers threw the boy into the car and took him away. When my father came home, I asked him about what was happening outside. My father said: It seems that the guard had seen the boy while stealing from the house of one of the neighbors. I told my father that maybe the guard is wrong and the boy is not a thief. And even if he is a thief, he has no right to beat him before the police come. I said, what is the law for? My father rejected my words and said that if they are not beaten, they will steal again. And he started praising the security guard and said that even though he is new, he works very well. A week passed and I was thinking about the events of that day all week. And I still couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe that the boy was a thief. At night, when my father came home from work, I asked him about that boy.My father looked at me and said you were right, that boy was not a thief. After a lot of investigation, the police found out that the guard of the place, in order to prove himself to the people, called poor people thief, the people who don\uc0{\u8217}t look good, and leave their houses early every morning to find a piece of bread. people who return home from work late. He used to called them thief and shows them the strength of his arm. I was happy that the boy was proven innocent. But I was still uncomfortable that the guard did such a thing to protect his duty.}\par
\sect
}