{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy04\hr00\min42\sec43}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy04\hr00\min42\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a wedding procession going on in the outskirt of gulu,a simple one.The bride was sitting nervously,a bit curious,all set for her new life}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her name was Melissa,a teenage girl waiting for the procession to get over.Melissa was the third daughter of Brian.Melissa\uc0{\u8217}s mother had passed away when she was seven years.She had five sisters and three brothers.They were all raised by a single father.It was tough for Brian but he was determined to raise his children without getting remarried again.Due to financial crisis.Melissa had to discontinue her study. She managed to study till year two at Gulu Melissa shifted to Kampala after her wedding.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her marriage was running smoothly, with life\uc0{\u8217}s ups and downs,but she was happy.Her husband supported her in every way, but due to language problems (she knew no other language except Acholi), she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t find a job. The couple was blessed with one daughter and one son. Soon, Melissa was expecting a third one.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That year was a blessed year as Melissa\uc0{\u8217}s husband got a promotion too. It was Christmas, Melissa\uc0{\u8217}s husband had to stay late at the office for some work. \uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}Don\uc0{\u8217}t go to work,dear, leaving me alone.I might have to rush to the hospital any moment,\uc0{\u8221}said Melissa.\uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s just a day\uc0{\u8217}s work,I will be back in the evening,\uc0{\u8221} said her husband. Melissa said goodbye, unwillingly. She was worried and nervous too. \uc0{\u8221}What if the delivery date is today, what will I do?\uc0{\u8221} This thought was troubling her mind continuously. The evening passed, and Melissa\uc0{\u8217}s husband didn\uc0{\u8217}t return.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The time passed from dawn to noon to night, without any information about her husband Ocen\uc0{\u8217}s whereabouts. \uc0{\u8221}There might be an additional work at the office which might have held him back,\uc0{\u8221} Melissa\uc0{\u8217}s conscience reassured, but she was alittle worried. Then the phone rang inquiring, \uc0{\u8221}Are you Mrs Ocen?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}Yes\uc0{\u8221} she said. \uc0{\u8221}Please, come to Mulago hospital immediately,\uc0{\u8221} said the caller. \uc0{\u8221}Why? Is everything fine? What happened?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}He is fine; he wants to talk to you; I am his boss,\uc0{\u8221} was his reply.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At the hospital, Melissa was guided to a room, followed by Ocen\uc0{\u8217} boss. Ocen was in the ICU. He had suffered a sudden respiratory tract as he was an asthmatic patient. He didn\uc0{\u8217}t want Melissa to be informed, but because his condition was critical, his boss did not have any other option. Ocen died in the evening.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Melissa, who was nine months pregnant, stood still beside his dead body. No complaints, she just stood straight. She fell unconscious and was shifted to the labour room. She was blessed with a second daughter. In the ward, she looked towards her children, \uc0{\u8221}Why me? I lost my mother when I was young, and now I\uc0{\u8217}ve lost my husband.\uc0{\u8221} God gives troubles to His strong angels, now be strong and think of your children,\uc0{\u8221} replied Melissa\uc0{\u8217}s brother who stayed with her in the adjacent room.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Being a single mum is difficult, but being a home maker when your hubby dies is the toughest. She could not find a job due to her language problem but she had to search for one in order to feed her children. Ocen\uc0{\u8217}s bought a sewing machine for Melissa, and she started stitching suitcase covers. She used to earn very little, which was not sufficient to raise her three kids. Her brother bought her a grinder so that she could make peanut butter at home and she could sell that on the weekends.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Days were tough, but she had to work hard for her children. She was determined to raise her kids with courage and confidence. She was advised by many to remarry because she was pretty young, but she refused reluctantly. She said that her three children are her life. The struggle at that time was beyond imagination, and she was inconsolable. Melissa\uc0{\u8217}s brother turned into a father figure for the kids and supported them financially at that time. Her children were interested in studies, but due to the circumstances, they had to quit studies and start working when they were very young. The age when youngsters enjoy at college, they had to work to support their mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Finally, Melissa\uc0{\u8217}s hard work and determination paid off; her three children had grown into\uc0{\u160} three mature adults and are well-settled now. Everything is good now, but Ocen is missed by his family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Melissa\uc0{\u8217}s children value the struggle and\uc0{\u160} pains their mother went through while raising them. Her responsibility was over, and now it was their turn to pay back. This was Melissa\uc0{\u8217}s story, A single mother, everyone called her amami, but her children called her their \uc0{\u8221}IRON LADY.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}