{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy22\hr09\min25\sec43}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy22\hr09\min25\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b The Interview: Episode 2\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Conditions of Life (2006-2009)}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In 2006, we were moved from the reception centre to the community. It was a significant change and quite a challenge for us because we were new to the area. I remember feeling a mix of excitement and fear. The reception centre had been a place of temporary safety, but now we were stepping into the unknown.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I didn\uc0{\u8217}t even know how to speak Swahili, which made communicating with other children very difficult. The first word I learned in Swahili was \uc0{\u8220}niaje,\uc0{\u8221} meaning \uc0{\u8220}how are you.\uc0{\u8221} I often found myself lonely because I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have anyone to play with. Other children laughed at me because I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t speak Swahili. It was a tough time for me and my siblings. I felt isolated and frustrated, unable to express myself or make friends.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t fully recovered from my health issues and was still urinating blood, which prevented me from enrolling in school. Watching other children go to school every day filled me with a deep sense of longing and sadness. I felt pity for myself and a sense of helplessness. I also felt bad because I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t play soccer, which I loved so much. Seeing other kids play while I stood on the sidelines was heartbreaking.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite these challenges, the community was friendly, and we interacted well with our neighbours. They were patient and kind, teaching us Swahili and helping us adjust. Their warmth and generosity made us feel more at peace compared to where we came from. In fact, it was better than home. However, we didn\uc0{\u8217}t have sufficient water and food. We were congested in one room, making it uncomfortable and lacking privacy. At night, we had to sleep outside because we couldn\uc0{\u8217}t fit inside, and the room was too hot. This lack of basic necessities was a constant reminder of our struggles, but we tried to stay hopeful.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0\b Interview Two: June 4, 2009}\par
{{\cf0\f0 In June 2009, we were called for a second interview at the UNHCR office. We were very happy and prepared ourselves for the interview. We walked to the office and found many families from different communities there. We lined up and were searched by the security at the gate. The search was thorough and made us feel anxious. The guards checked our bags and patted us down, which was a new and uncomfortable experience for us. We felt nervous and exposed, but we knew it was necessary for security reasons.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When we entered the office, the room was very cold, and we started shivering because we had never experienced anything like that. The officer asked us to sit down. She was a brown short and medium bodied female officer. I remember she was wearing a colourful pink dress. She asked for a translator because my grandma didn\uc0{\u8217}t know English. The translator was a male Chocolate Burundian man.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Interviewer:}{\cf0\f0  Good morning, thank you for coming in today. Please take a seat. (The officer asked us children to sit closer to our grandma) Can you introduce yourself and tell us a little about your background?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Grace:}{\cf0\f0  (nervously) Good morning, my name is Grace, and I am originally from Burundi. I have been living in a refugee camp in Kakuma for the past 10 years, and I am here today to apply for resettlement.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Interviewer:}{\cf0\f0  Thank you, Grace. Can you tell us why you are seeking resettlement, and what kind of opportunities you hope to find in a new country?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Grace:}{\cf0\f0  (hopeful) Yes, of course. I have been\uc0{\u160} living in a refugee camp for two years, and while I am grateful for the support I have received here, I do not see a future for myself or my family in Kakuma. I am hoping to find a new home where I can provide for my family and give my children a better future. I am willing to work hard and contribute to my new community in any way that I can.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Interviewer:}{\cf0\f0  That\uc0{\u8217}s great to hear, Grace. Can you tell us about your education and work experience?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Grace:}{\cf0\f0  (slightly embarrassed) I have never attended any formal education, and I am cooking porridge in a primary school here in the camp.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Interviewer:}{\cf0\f0  That\uc0{\u8217}s okay, Grace. Can you tell us about any challenges you have faced in your journey to resettlement?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Grace:}{\cf0\f0  (with a sigh) Well, leaving my home and my country was very difficult, and living in a refugee camp is not easy. (I could feel the cry and agony in my grandma\uc0{\u8217}s voice) There have been many challenges, including access to basic necessities like food and water, and also the uncertainty of not knowing what the future holds. But I have remained hopeful and focused on providing for my family and creating a better future for us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Interviewer:}{\cf0\f0  Thank you for sharing that, Grace. Can you tell us about any skills or talents that you have that you think would be valuable in a new community?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Grace:}{\cf0\f0  (smiling) Yes, I have always been very skilled at sewing, and I think that could be a valuable skill in a new community. I am also very good at working with children, and I would love to find a way to continue doing that in a new country. And of course, I am willing to do any kind of work that is available and that I am qualified for.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Interviewer:}{\cf0\f0  Thank you for sharing that, Grace. We appreciate your time and your willingness to share your story with us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Grace:}{\cf0\f0  (hesitantly) I also wanted to mention that during our time here today, we were not offered any food, just water from the tap. We have been here the whole day and are really starving.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Interviewer:}{\cf0\f0  (concerned) I\uc0{\u8217}m very sorry to hear that, Grace. We will make sure to address this issue and ensure that you and your family are taken care of.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Grace:}{\cf0\f0  (reflectively) You know, back in Burundi, life was different. We had our struggles, but we also had our moments of joy. I remember the evenings when my family would gather around the fire, sharing stories and laughter. My mother used to sew beautiful clothes, and I learned a lot from her. Those skills have stayed with me, and I hope to use them to build a better future for my children.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Interviewer:}{\cf0\f0  (empathetically) Thank you for sharing that, Grace. I will submit your file to the office and I hope things workout and you will hear from UNHCR as soon as that happens.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Grace: }{\cf0\f0 Please help us my daughter (kneel down) we are begging you.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Interviewer: }{\cf0\f0 Please stand up mama. I will see what I can do but this is beyond my powers. The decision is made from above. You can go now and please keep being hopeful.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0\b After the Interview}\par
{{\cf0\f0 After the interview, we walked back home, feeling a mix of hope and uncertainty. The day had been long and exhausting, but we were grateful for the opportunity to share our story. As we walked, my siblings and I talked about our dreams and what we hoped to achieve if we were resettled. My sister Shamim with her curiosity jumped in with a question out of nowhere.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Shamim:}{\cf0\f0  (excitedly) Grandma, do you think we will really get to go to a new country?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Grace:}{\cf0\f0  (smiling) I hope so. We just have to stay positive and keep believing. No matter what happens, we have each other, and that\uc0{\u8217}s what matters most.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When we reached home, our neighbours welcomed us back and asked about the interview. We shared our experience, and they offered us some food, knowing we hadn\uc0{\u8217}t eaten all day. Their kindness reminded us that even in difficult times, there is always hope and support from those around us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the days passed, we continued with our daily routines, but the hope of resettlement stayed with us. We knew that the journey ahead would not be easy, but we were determined to face it together, with strength and resilience.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}