{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy03\hr20\min30\sec58}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy03\hr20\min30\sec58}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 People gathered inside the house. The man\uc0{\u8217}s dead body was on the yard tiles. The mosquitoes, bees and ants were all around him. A very foul smell filled the yard that even teased nearby houses. The blood stain covered the yard\uc0{\u8217}s tiles and the police officers checked around the house. The man\uc0{\u8217}s body and face were almost destroyed. A police officer asked the men inside the yard if they know him?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}He was mad.\uc0{\u8221} said one of them. The police officer asked, \uc0{\u8220}what is your name and how do you know the dead man?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}My name is Matin.\uc0{\u8221} he replied, \uc0{\u8220}I am one of his neighbors. I called the police station since there was a very bad smell raising from his house and it was a week that he did not come out. I thought perhaps something has happened to him.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What was his name and what did he do? Does he have a family or relatives here?\uc0{\u8221} Asked the young police officer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}He said his name was Arsalan and he was from Jalalabad province. He lived alone here and he did not talk to anyone except himself. When he was out he was talking to himself and because of this, his long hair and beard he was famous to the mad man. In order to know him even I had invited him for lunch once but he did not accept. He did not have any relatives or friends here and most of the days he did not come out of his house. Kids used to throw stones at him but he did not harm anyone. No one else come or went out of his house,\uc0{\u8221} Matin replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Do you think that he may commit suicide?\uc0{\u8221} Asked the police officer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Not sure Sir as you see his body is fallen down on the yard and I am not sure if it is a suicide or a murder.\uc0{\u8221} Matin replied. \uc0{\u8220}We will investigate it from both aspects and will figure it out,\uc0{\u8221} Said the police officer. Then he noted Matin\uc0{\u8217}s number and address and asked the men to leave the crime scene, so that they start their investigation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was one floor building and seemed higher from the ground. The police officer looked at the body that was almost decomposed. There was dry blood around his head. He took the photos of the dead body and the area around him then asked another police officer to call the ambulance and carry the dead body. The building\uc0{\u8217}s door was closed from inside they opened it and saw that there were stairs going to the roof and underground.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Inside one of the rooms there was a pan that had some dry cooked eggs with tomatoes, two loaf of dry breads and two glasses of water. On the right side of the wall they found an old painting of a very beautiful young woman.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She had the most beautiful and sizzling black eyes with long black eyelashes. She had red lips and white skin tone. Her black hair like a black waterfall was falling around her neck and arms. She was wearing a pink and blue, long, silky and handmade dress with a red ruby headband and a necklace made of emerald and lazuli stones sitting in a garden of red roses.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The beauty of the painting attracted all the eyes and for a while the police officers just gazed toward it. The painting seemed to be alive and still breathing then they found a letter near the painting on the carpet. The young police man opened and read it aloud.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To whom who reads it,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}My name is Arsalan and people call me the mad man. I was a painter and I lived alone for years. I always looked for a lonely place in which I could focus and paint what I had in my mind. For that reason, I left my province and came to Herat after selling our heritage house I bought this building and shifted here.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My parents are dead and my two brothers and 3 sisters already got married but I was single and I lived all alone. Despite my brothers and sisters encouraged me to get married I did not find my soulmate to marry her when I came here the family who lived in this building before me went out of the country. I cleaned everywhere inside the building and bought new carpets, dishes, tools for the kitchen and my room. While cleaning the underground I found something rubbed in a black leather and paper inside an old box.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I opened the leather and found out a painting from the most beautiful girl on the earth whom I had never seen in my life. I was a painter and I painted many faces but that was a face that I could not even imagine rather than painting it. What a beauty! What magical eyes! She attracted me. I had never fallen in love and none of the girls or women could ever conquer my heart but she did at a glance. Her eyes sat my heart in fire. Days and nights, I only wanted to look at her beauty and live each moment besides her. In her blue dress I could fly in the sky. Her smile had the most beautiful tone of life and I only wanted to look at her and live with her by all my heart.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had nothing to do if she was not alive, if she was not with me physically but I lived with her painting each moment. I could look at her the whole night sitting awake. My days started looking at her beautiful face yes, she was my moon in the dark night. Who was she? Who captured her beauty in that painting I did not know. All I knew was that she became a part of me, a piece of my heart and I had fallen in love with her deeply. My mind repeated that I love her, I love her, I love her from time to time that I love her a lot. I had become a butterfly who was ready to burn in her love fire. By the passage of days, I become more depended to her and the perfume of her long hair always filled my room. It seemed that my room was filled with the fragrance of thousands of violets and newly spring blossoms. I had lost in her love not just a heart but myself. The love flame transpired in me and I was filled with her love.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In her love I reached to madness. Yes, I madly loved her and wanted her to be with me. Until one night suddenly she walked out of that painting with a smile. She sat next to me and took my hands. I asked her, \uc0{\u8220}Are you real? Do you exist?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And she smiled, \uc0{\u8220}off course I do but only for you since no one has ever loved me as you do\uc0{\u8230} She said, her name was Roxana.\uc0{\u8221} You cannot believe that how happy I was. It seemed that I had reached to the moon.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That night our love story begun. My days had a lovely sun rise and sun set was so colorful like never ever before. I loved everything about her. I loved her dance moves in the silence of wheat fields and among the flowers of the green gardens \uc0{\u8211} under star lights. I loved the spring breeze that brought me her perfume which was more pleasing and infatuated me than the purple jasmine. She was like a piece of light under her sunset color\uc0{\u8212} red scarf.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her eyes had brightened my life and her hands had given warmness and happiness to my cold and dull life. I had nothing to do but only to sit and paint with her all the day. I could cook with her, walk with her and talk to her all the way and capture our beautiful moments through the paintings. I put all my paintings covered in the ground hall, so that no one could see her. people thought that I was mad because she was invisible for them. She did not trust them. They threw stones at me as I walked out of the house with her and I did not go out mostly because I did not want them to hurt her. I did not trust anyone except Roxana \uc0{\u8211} my gillyflower.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day Roxana went to her own rose garden inside the painting. I waited for her and asked her to come back but she didn\uc0{\u8217}t. I could not sleep the whole night and I asked her, \uc0{\u8220}please come back again,\uc0{\u8221} but she did not. I thought I had lost her forever but I wanted to be with her at any costs even I wished to go inside that painting and live with her forever. I wished there was a love rainbow bridge to connect me with her inside that painting. I cried a lot and asked her, \uc0{\u8220}to come back to my life or take me with her,\uc0{\u8221} that time she came back to me again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I told her that I want to be with you forever. She said,\uc0{\u8221} that\uc0{\u8217}s impossible do not even think of it.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I asked \uc0{\u8220}why?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She said, \uc0{\u8220}because we are like the sky and the earth.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I said, \uc0{\u8220}I did not understand.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She said, \uc0{\u8220}do you really want to be with me?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, of course I do please take me with yourself and let\uc0{\u8217}s happily live together forever,\uc0{\u8221} I replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}For that you need to come out of your body unlike the body your soul will free and can go with me,\uc0{\u8221} Roxana said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I told her, \uc0{\u8220}that I am ready.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She took my hand and we went to the roof of this building. In the depth of darkness only with starlight, I saw her bright smiling face suddenly she jumped down and asked me, \uc0{\u8220}jump too!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I went near the roof and saw the ground. I was so scared of highest places, so I could not jump down then she laughed out loud and said,\uc0{\u8221} did not I tell you that you can not do it. If you really wanted to be with me you would have jumped and fell down already.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I felt really ashamed thinking myself as a coward. After that she did not talk to me and she went inside her garden in the painting. I asked her, \uc0{\u8220}please come back,\uc0{\u8221} but she didn\uc0{\u8217}t. It is several days like several centuries that I am waiting for her but she does not come back. I really cannot tolerate her absence I really want to be with her. I told her, \uc0{\u8220}that I am ready to accept whatever she says. I am ready to jump from the roof or anywhere only to join her. \uc0{\u8220}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No, do not judge me, do not think me mad I am not mad. I am a true lover since my world is meaningless without her presence perhaps love is that madness that I am ready to end my life for it too\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The police officer became silent and looked at the painting one of them said, \uc0{\u8220}what a mad person it proofs his madness and a clear case of suicide.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The one who read the letter said, \uc0{\u8220}no he could not write such a letter if he was a mad but he was a lover because only a lover can sacrifice his life for an imaginary beloved who just existed in this painting;\uc0{\u8221} meanwhile, another police officer rushed to the room and said, \uc0{\u8220}Sir you must see the underground,\uc0{\u8221} and they all went down from the stairs. They opened its iron door and saw there were many paintings and all paintings were covered with a white cloth.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They removed the white cloth from each painting and could not believe what they saw. There were many paintings of Roxana and Arsalan. Roxana was wearing red, blue, purple and green scarfs sitting and drinking tea inside Arsanlan\uc0{\u8217}s room, walking with Arsalan outside his house, in the market, on the roof of the building, inside the colorful garden and wheat fields and still painting brushes and dry painting buckets of red, green and blue ink were in front of the last painting inside the hall.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They took off the white cloth of the last one and saw that both Arsalan and Roxana were sitting between red roses garden exactly the same place in the first painting of Roxana, looking and smiling together. It seemed they both were still alive inside the painting.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}If Roxana was really an imaginary beloved in a painting then what are these?\uc0{\u8221} Asked one of the police officers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Wished there was an explanation for it.\uc0{\u8221} said the young police officer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}