{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy15\hr06\min21\sec17}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy15\hr06\min21\sec17}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}THE JOURNEY OF MY LIFE\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My name is Dolisaah, a 17-year-old girl born in a Congolese refugee camp in Tanzania in 2004. My parents fled to this camp due to war and excessive persecution of Congolese citizens in their region. After peace finally came to the Democratic Republic of Congo, my family and I returned to our homeland, specifically to the eastern part called rugunga village. However, life in this was far from easy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I lived with my three siblings and our mother, as our father had passed away before I was born. Our days were filled with constant fear and uncertainty. We were constantly invaded, sometimes by local soldiers and other times by rebels. These invasions brought violence and suffering upon us women were being raped, and other young boys were taken captive to join the military and other hand labour. Sometimes we could flee in the bush and come back after the situation is friendly. I still remember the night that changed my life forever.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One night we were asleep and loud noise broke out the village. A lot of people started shouting for help but none was there to help. My Mom and I started packing things for run away into the bush. We escaped with a large number of people running into the bush for our safety but unfortunately, fifteen girls of almost my age were caught by a large group of rebels wearing masks on their faces. At the age of 16, I was brutally raped by seven unknown men. The trauma of that night was so unbearable to me. I felt like I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t a human. My brain was surely not working at that time. I felt like hanging myself up and I should just die. But one of my mom\uc0{\u8217}s closest friends took me to her house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mother was taken and fled her own way, I had none to help me out of this situation. I bleeded for five days, I could not talk or eat. Afterwards, one of my mom\uc0{\u8217}s closest friends approached me again for help. I did not care who she was but I chased her out and threw stones at her. I was just like a mad person and I could not control my emotions. After two days she came again and she found me vomiting and to make matters worse, she said that I was pregnant as a result of the assault. With no one to accuse of it, I felt utterly alone , double traumatized and abandoned. I lost consciousness for almost three hours. When I woke up I found myself in the local hospital in our village. They treated me and did some tests. I had to undergo a session of counseling for ten hours.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Before even a week after realizing that I was pregnant,war broke into our village again between the local soldiers and the rebels.\uc0{\u160} In the midst of this darkness, my moms closest relative made the difficult decision to flee, each going their separate ways. I was left to fend for myself, carrying the weight of my trauma and the responsibility of caring for my unborn child. It was a daunting task for a young girl like me, but I was determined to survive.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I found myself seeking refuge once again, this time in Malawi, specifically in Dzaleka. The journey was arduous, but I held onto a heart of hope that life would be better for me and my child. The refugee camp provided a place of safety, but the emotional scars from my past continued to haunt me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I joined a certain women and girls club in the camp and they were different educational sessions about women and girls. These sessions boosted my self-esteem Despite the challenges I faced, I refused to let my circumstances define me. I took a step in women education, attending classes offered within the camp. It was through this education that I found a sense of purpose and empowerment. I realized that knowledge was my key to a brighter future.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With the support of fellow refugees and aid organizations, I was able to access medical care and counseling to heal from the trauma I had endured. Slowly but surely, I began to rebuild my life and regain my strength.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Today, as I reflect on my journey, I am already 17 years old and I am filled with gratitude for the resilience that has carried me through the darkest of times. I am now a proud mother to a beautiful child, and I am determined to provide them with a life filled with love and opportunity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My story is not unique, as there are countless others who have experienced similar hardships. However, it is a testament to the strength of the human spirit and the power of hope. I believe that by sharing our stories, we can inspire others to overcome their own challenges and find the strength within themselves.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Life may have dealt me a difficult hand, but I refuse to let it define me. I am Dolisaah, a survivor, and I am determined to create a better future for myself and my child. Together, we can rise above adversity and build a world filled with compassion, understanding, and hope.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}