{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy22\hr06\min09\sec55}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy22\hr06\min09\sec55}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 THE LOVE INTANGLEMENT (Part 2)}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We were in our final year of junior high school trying to wrap-up everything about junior secondary school. This time of the year, was the time to get ready and serious about anything but reading and revising notes for our final projects and exams. There was no time to waste and no politics to play because none of us could take that risk even though Liny and I were smitten. We both knew that for us to be able to stay together for our senior high school it was all going to be determined by our performance on our final exams for junior high. I was not worried about exams because I knew what I\uc0{\u8217}m capable of when it came to my academic performance, however, on the other hand, I was worried about Liny because I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t imagine what would happen if she failed the exams. Now that I think about it, possibly the worst scenario would be her being transferred to another school and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t imagine how we were going to miss each other, so I made sure I tutored her on some subjects she had trouble with.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By the time the results for our final exams came out, we both were on the pass list and to us that\uc0{\u8217}s what mattered because no one was being transferred to another school or expelled. We were excited but at the same time she was nervous, not because we were getting in the senior high school but because she knew that her parents had stood high on not approving our relationship. We hugged and I told her that she was with me by then so she has nothing to worry about. Because we were going to still be sneaking out of classes. But little did we know that our relationship has gotten the best of ourselves and forgot that we actually were skipping important lessons; by the end of the first term in of the first year in senior high school she failed and of course I did not fail but my performance was down and I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t in the top ten either. Surprisingly, we did not worry about it but I am sure her parents were disappointed in Liny by her performance because they had high expectations of her. In holiday of our second term we couldn\uc0{\u8217}t have enough time to interact since her parents have registered her for part-time classes during her holidays. As for me I was disappointed in myself that I have lost my spot in top 5, thus getting back to my best performance was my goal for the second term.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 During the second term we were both under pressure, she needed to improve her performance so she doesn\uc0{\u8217}t get transferred to another school by her parents, and I was under pressure to get back my sport of top five in class. We couldn\uc0{\u8217}t sneak out during classes anymore, all we had to do was to take the risk of meeting during break time or after classes and no more calls during the night. I can\uc0{\u8217}t say that this was simple as it sounds because the restriction against me by her parents to the school committee was still valid, but we had to take the risk anyway I guess no pain, no gain because a week after we started meeting during break time I was suspended for the whole week as a warning. Well, don\uc0{\u8217}t be surprised about that because her parents were powerful enough to influence the school committee to do what they want. Well, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t much their power and influence all I could was love their daughter from a distance because my presence not only did it me in danger but the school committee staff too. That didn\uc0{\u8217}t stop me neither Liny from us meeting. We could talk on phone but that wasn\uc0{\u8217}t enough and meeting was even harder, by now they\uc0{\u8217}ve put us in separate classrooms and had spies all over us on every move. With that Liny and I were out of ideas and that\uc0{\u8217}s when actually the \uc0{\u8216}troublesome\uc0{\u8217} me came into play, thinking crazily how I can solve the puzzle for once and for all. At this time I did the craziest thing I have ever done, going into the lions\uc0{\u8217} den personally; I decided to become best friends with his brother Steve, and whenever I had to see his brother that means I had a chance to meet her secretly from her parents. His brother was in the same club as me (the art club) so I would go as if I am looking for Steve for rehearsals for our performances; and whenever her parents were away that was the time for Liny and I right at their home, and that\uc0{\u8217}s when I realized that indeed a Mouse plays when the Cat is away. And with unlimited freedom I paved the way until we finished our senior high school, and realized that being in the upper societal class wasn\uc0{\u8217}t powerful as I imagined as the parents they were rarely at home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}