{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy04\hr06\min10\sec52}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy04\hr06\min10\sec52}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Living Miracle}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Life has its own way of surprising people. Sometimes, our blessings unfold from people we least expected. Sometimes also from strangers and people we barely know. When the time is right, life arranges itself for a person like sheep sorting themselves from goats without the help of the herdsman.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My life was a mess. Was difficult for me get basic needs. Could barely eat good food, my house was not conducive. My shoes were worn-out and could still wear them. Everyone in my community could know that I was suffering even without uttering a word to them. Being optimistic for a better life kept my spirit and energy growing, gave me a reason to smile even though I was suffering.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What was sustaining me was the little business I was doing of selling charcoal in small plastic and onions. I was not making enough however, the little I was getting kept me alive. My everyday prayer was getting a good house and having good food on my table. I was not looking healthy due to poor eating. Due to my condition, I was eating one a day, I was eating dinner only. I could prepare porridge and use a bit of salt instead of sugar and eat. I could not afford sugar.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My house was in a very bad condition. Mostly during the rainy season, it was becoming worse. The house was leaking, everywhere in the house could get muddy. Sometimes when it\uc0{\u8217}s raining heavy, I could use cooking pots and basins to trap the leaking rain drops. As other people enjoy rainy days sitting on their balcony drinking and sharing story; I was praying and wishing hard the rain to stop. During those day I hated the rainy season. But one thing for sure, as long as you are still alive there is hope for a better life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One morning on my usual activity of selling goods, a woman came to make wanting to buy onions. \uc0{\u8220}Good morning, madam\uc0{\u8221} good morning I replied. \uc0{\u8220}How much is onions?\uc0{\u8221} One is 200 Malawian Kwacha. She took out a note of 200 and gave me. She looked to be a well doing woman in life, financially stable. \uc0{\u8220}In anyway, are you related to Alice?\uc0{\u8221} she asked me. I said not. \uc0{\u8220}Wow, you really resemble my old friend Alice.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}What is your name?\uc0{\u8221} Umurisa, I replied. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m Beatrice.\uc0{\u8221} She called her name. She took her onions bought and left.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To my surprise, the following day she came. This time around she did not come to buy but rather to know more about me. She asked me of how I was doing and where I stayed. I was really happy to have someone of her class come to me and talk to me share stories. I took her to my place. I had no chairs in my house so I gave her my jerrican to sit on. Seeing my condition she almost cried. \uc0{\u8220}For how long have you been living like this?\uc0{\u8221} I said 2 years now. To my surprise she asked me if she could be my friend. Without hesitation I said yes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I am thinking of doing something for you, but let me have time think deep about it I will come tomorrow and tell you.\uc0{\u8221} I was very happy. I could not sleep that night. My hope was very high. It was on a Saturday; she came told me that she wants to renovate my house for me and give me capital to expand my business. Tears of joy come out. I hugged her and thank her so much. \uc0{\u8220}Next week get your things together you will move in with me as you house will be under renovation.\uc0{\u8221} Yes, I will do that. \uc0{\u8220}Monday next week I will come with my car to pick you up.\uc0{\u8221} Okay I replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She came that Monday and took me to her place. What a beautiful home! I ate good food, sat on comfortable couch. It was so amazing. It took a month and my house was ready. I could still go sell my onions as usual while my house was under construction. After my house was ready, she bought me sofas and good wooden table. Now, my house was well roofed, build with blocks and painted very well. I was delighted. She gave me 2 million Malawian Kwacha which was equivalent around 2000 USD$. I invested the money. Stocked my shop with various food products, bags of rice, bags of corn, bags of Beans. And many more. From that day my life was never the same. Now Beatrice and I are very close friends. People think we are related by blood. Beatrice, will always be my living miracle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}