{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy07\hr12\min25\sec33}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy07\hr12\min25\sec33}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I grew up in Gulu city,\uc0{\u160} A city filled with dreams and possibilities. My name is Scovia, I am a very beautiful soul with a radiant smile and kind heart, but\uc0{\u160} I have always had a deep sadness that lingered within me. I have always been eager to find a connection that would set my soul ablaze but it seems like fate has other plans for me because I always found myself tangled in a web of unrequited emotions \uc0{\u8211} a love that never existed,\uc0{\u160} a love that failed to be experienced fully at any one point.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From my\uc0{\u160} young age, I have always been captivated by tales of passionate romances and everlasting love and I yearned for the kind of love that would sweep me off my feet and fill my life with joy and companionship. But time kept passing, and my romantic dreams remained unfulfilled, finding myself entangled in one sided affection. Each relationship I ventured into proved to be a bitter sweet dance of hope and disappointment.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I encountered a fair share of admirers, but none of them were able to fulfill my romantic dreams because the relationships I have entered always seemed to crumble under the weight of unmet expectations and unspoken needs which made me begin to question if true love was nothing more than a fairy tale. First, there was Dan, an IT specialist whose handsome look ignited a fire within my heart. I admired his height, he was tall, dark skin with long black hair that was always neatly combed making him look more handsome. But my affection for him remained unreciprocated because Dan saw me as nothing more than a friend, and though my love for him blossomed, it was met with a gentle rejection that left me heartbroken.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Next came Loyolah, a kind, gentle soul, and a born again Christian who seemed to understand me in ways no one could and our conversation flowed effortlessly, and I felt a deep connection between us. However, as our bond grew stronger,Loyolah\uc0{\u8221}s heart was drawn to another, leaving me once again standing on the outskirts of unrequited love}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As time went by, I found myself entranced by the enigmatic charm of Lobi. His charisma and mysterious allure held me captive and I believed I had finally found the love I have always yearned for. But as days turned into weeks, it became clear that Lobi was unable to reciprocate the depth of my affection. He was a free spirit, unable to be confined by the boundaries of commitment, my heart was shattered into a thousand pieces once again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Each encounter left me feeling disillusioned, questioning my worth and the existence of true love. I wondered if maybe I was destined to forever be the giver of affection, without ever experiencing the warmth of a love that was returned. But amidst the pain and disappointment, I found a solace in my own strength and I realized that my capacity to love was a gift, a testament to my open heart and unwavering hope. So Instead of allowing my experience to embitter me, I decided to channel my love into the world, touching lives with kindness, compassion, and understanding.\uc0{\u160} As I continued walking my humble path, embracing independence, I encountered others like me who had experienced the sting of unrequited love. Through shared stories and heartfelt conversations, I discovered a community of souls who understood my journey. They lent support to me, offered comfort and reminded me that my capacity to love was a beautiful part of who I was.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Eventually, my heart began to heal totally, and I learned to cherish the love I have for myself. I realized that the love that failed to be experienced in a romantic relationship did not define my worth. It was merely a chapter in my story, a chapter that taught me resilience, self-discovery and the power of self-love. And therefore, I continued to embrace life with an open heart and ready to encounter love in unexpected places. I knew that one day the right person would come along- someone who would see me, cherish me, and love me as deeply as I love them. But until then, I committed to continue embracing my own journey knowing that the love that\uc0{\u160} I failed to experience would one day be eclipsed by a love that was meant to be.}}\par
\sect
}