{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy24\hr17\min24\sec22}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy24\hr17\min24\sec22}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar \qc{{\cf0\f0 The life of a farmer in Malawi}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Farmers in Malawi are the ones that feed the whole nation. There are a lot of crops that are cultivated. There are two types of crops that farmers cultivate. There are food and commercial crops. Most of all, all these crops are cultivated during the rainy season. The funny thing is that some of them are not respected because their farming activities make them dirty all the time. It is very difficult to differentiate farmers when they working with insane people.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In this story, I will share the story of the farmer who cultivates commercial crops. In this case, I will share the story of tobacco farmers. The Malawian farmer does not rest all year. The preparation starts in July, when the farmer has to clear the land and make ridges manually without using machines. This is not a simple job because the farmer uses a lot of energy. During this time, most of the farmers don\uc0{\u8217}t have food in their homes. So they go to their respective fields with an empty stomach. They are required to prepare the nursery beds along the river for the tobacco leaf. They have to water the nursery beds for the tobacco leaves for three months before planting them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When the rains come, they plant the tobacco in the field. They make sure that all types of fertilizers are available because they apply the first fertilizer after five days of plantation. If a farmer has all the resources, he/she can apply fertilizer for 4 times in a season. Tobacco farming requires a hard-working farmer because each and every day the farmer has to be on the farm, caring for and monitoring the growth of the tobacco leaves. Most of the time, farmers do not take a bath for days because the farmer is always busy, even at night. Most of the farmers take only one meal a day due to either lack of food or they don\uc0{\u8217}t find time to eat.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When the leaf is ready to harvest, they pluck out the ripen leaves on a daily basis, sew them into four big leaves, and hang them where they can dry. Before this, they have to prepare a shed with a roof made of grass or iron sheets so that the leaves can dry without sunlight. They also have to prepare the sticks, where they hang the tobacco leaves to dry. When the leaves are dry, they untie them without breaking them. Firstly, they splash water on the leaves and make them soft. After this process, they check the leaves and grade them according to their sizes and qualities. After this process, they put the tobacco leaves in a wooden jack to press the leaves and make them into 100-kilogram bales, ready for sale.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In Malawi, we have one company that controls the buying and selling of the tobacco leaves. Their depots are located in different regions of Malawi. In Malawi, tobacco is sold using the currency of the United States. The banks convert the dollars into Malawian Kwacha at a given rate. Only a few bales can make a Malawian farmer a millionaire. Remember, the farmer earns this much once a year, and farmers think that it is a lot of money to them, forgetting that they have worked a lot and also that they have spent their resources, energy, money, and time. When the farmer withdraws the money, they buy resources for the next rainy season. For example, they buy in advance fertilizers, hoes, and all the resources for the tobacco crop, including the commodities they lack in their lives like clothes and other basic needs.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Other farmers waste their money on prostitutes while leaving their wives at home. Others prefer marrying many women. On the other hand, they marry many wives to solve the problem of labor. As I have explained before, tobacco farming requires a lot of labor because there is a lot that happens behind the tobacco leaf. For them, marrying many wives will help them solve labor problems because their children also assist in tobacco production. Before going to and after coming back from school, the children assist their parents in caring for the tobacco in their fields.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The life of a farmer is unpredictable because it depends on how the country receives rainfall. If the country experiences bad rainfall, for instance, as it did last year, it is very difficult for farmers to harvest good-quality tobacco. But if the country receives good rainfall, farmers can harvest a lot of tobacco. Another problem is a lack of markets or buyers. When many farmers harvest a large amount of tobacco, they face high rejection rates as well as low prices. Farmers cry a lot over poor prices and rejection. The rejection happens when the farmers mix the tobacco with different qualities in one bale.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And also, there are companies that assist tobacco farmers, like JTI, Limbe Leaf, and many more. They assist tobacco farmers in getting farming inputs. The farmers only provide labor and a few other things that make the tobacco leaf productive. These companies give the farming inputs as a loan, which they are supposed to pay back after the harvest. These companies buy the tobacco leaves at a good price, and the remaining money is for the farmer. Therefore, it is like the farmer is just a servant because he pays more than half of his earnings to these companies. The life of a farmer is like that of a servant in his or her own country.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In conclusion, the life of the farmer in Malawi is very unwelcoming. For this reason, many people are flocking to town looking for greener pastures, while the gold is in the soils of Malawi if many people can dedicate themselves to farming and make farming a business.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}