{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy13\hr10\min03\sec08}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy13\hr10\min03\sec08}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Lost Son}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a family of Mr. and Mrs. Bagu who had two children. Their first child her name was Bora, and the second child was named Patrick. Mr. and Mrs. Bagu were in their fifties. While Bora was 22 and Patrick was 20. Mr. and Mrs. Bagu was rich because they invested a lot in the past and were successful in their businesses. Apart from that, these parents were very popular that even most of the rich and poor people in the province of Kaluwa were approaching them and asked for advice and wanted to work with them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since the family of Mr. and Mrs. Bagu was rich, they sent both of their children abroad to study at good schools of their own choice. Bora finished her Bachelor\uc0{\u8217}s degree at the age of 20 and Patrick was still in the third year of their Bachelor\uc0{\u8217}s degree. After he turned 22, Patrick completed his Bachelor\uc0{\u8217}s degree in management.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day morning, Mr. and Mrs. Bagu called their children for a meeting. They gathered in their sitting room to discuss issues related to their future. Mr. Bagu said, \uc0{\u8220}My children you are mature enough to build your lives and as good parents we want to give you each something special to start your lives and prepare for a bright future.\uc0{\u8221} Then Mrs. Bagu said, \uc0{\u8220}my husband stop going around the bush tell them the main issue we called them here.\uc0{\u8221} Bora \uc0{\u8220}You will be given one of the companies to lead and two houses will be in your possession. So mind you do not mess up with men and don\uc0{\u8217}t be misled by your friends that surround you. Take good care of that and ensure that these things which will be in your possession must be well managed.\uc0{\u8221} Said Mr. Bagu.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}While as for you Patrick you will be given a filling station and two houses as well. So take care of these things to ensure that mold your life since we never know when we can leave you, guys when the time comes.\uc0{\u8221} Said Mr. Bagu. Upon hearing that Bora said, \uc0{\u8220}Thank you so much mom and dad for giving me such a huge load I appreciate that, and may the almighty God bless you.\uc0{\u8221} Patrick also said, \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t how to thank you, my parents, only God knows. I am very thankful for all you have done for me and I promise to take care of these things to ensure my life change and become like you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr. and Mrs. Bagu also were excited to have shared their properties with their children since they loved them so much and did not want to see them suffer. Two weeks later, Mr. and Mrs. Bagu offered them all the documents designed for the properties and put them into their names. Upon receiving them both Bora and Patrick were very glad and thanked again their parents.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The behavior of these children was good and remarkable in the community and everyone in the environment wished they had such good children as theirs. Bora was appreciated for her kindness and sympathy while Patrick was appreciated for showing care and generosity in the community. Despite them being born and raised in a rich family, these two children were so unique and loving.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember a day when Bora offered all her neighbors 3 kilograms of sugar each for them to be putting in the porridge. Bora also met a man who was injured by a car and took him to the hospital and paid all the bills. On another occasion, my friend and I were coming back from school, we met Patrick on the way, and he gave us a lift and took us to a super mart where he bought so many things for us. All these show how good and amazing Bora and Patrick were in the community.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One year after, Bora and Patrick had received those properties from their parents, they continued working hard to improve their lives. After reaching a year and six months, Patrick start visiting another friend who was also his schoolmate at the university. They both started going out at night to have dinner and attending parties. Three months later, Patrick joins his friend in his habit of drinking and prostitution. They continue like that and one day Patrick\uc0{\u8217}s parents called him and advised him to stop hugging that friend, but he did not listen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a year, Patrick sold the two houses and spent all the money on women. Since the money he had in the bank and that of the houses got finished, Patrick searched for a buyer to buy the filling station and he got one. He sold the filling station as the only thing he was left with. A week later, Patrick traveled to South Africa where he went enjoying with other high-class ladies and spent all he had. After noticing that he finished all the money he had he went on begging the girls that he was dating at that time. Luckily enough, one of the girls gave him some money and he bought a ticket and left South Africa.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Upon arriving in his home country, Patrick started visiting her sister Bora at her company begging for forgiveness. When her sister saw him she was very surprised at the way his brother changed and looked very rough. Bora asked, \uc0{\u8220}My brother Patrick where have you been? We have researched for you everywhere and how come you look very unhealthy like this what happened?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u160}Patrick answered, \uc0{\u8220}I went to South Africa to do some business but it did not work and now I am back.\uc0{\u8221} Bora screamed, \uc0{\u8220}What? How come you went there while dad gave us enough resources to sustain our lives?\uc0{\u8221} Patrick said, \uc0{\u8220}I was misled by a friend, I spent all the money that I had and sold all the properties.\uc0{\u8221} Bora was shocked and said, \uc0{\u8220}Now we are going home to tell our parents about this?\uc0{\u8221} Patrick said, \uc0{\u8220}Please assist me with a little money to buy at least some good outfits before we go to meet father and mother.\uc0{\u8221} Upon hearing that Bora gave him some money and told him to visit any barbershop around and dress nicely so they can go home to meet their parents.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Later in the evening, Patrick and Bora went to meet their parents. When they both arrived there, their parents were surprised to see Patrick. Immediately, Bora told them the whole story. After hearing the story, Mr. Bagu said, \uc0{\u8220}I said it but you did not listen to me.\uc0{\u160} You see your life and after finishing everything you have come back to us.\uc0{\u8221} Mrs. said, \uc0{\u8220}It is very unfortunate that you destroyed everything because you did not follow our advice.\uc0{\u8221} Finally, Patrick asked for forgiveness from his parents and he was forgiven. Patrick\uc0{\u8217}s father suggested that he should be given a position in Bora\uc0{\u8217}s company since he messed up everything that he had.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}