{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy28\hr11\min27\sec45}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy28\hr11\min27\sec45}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a village full of nature here named beauty she was known but her Beauty that seemed to make her noticed wherever she goes. She was the only child of her loving parents, her father a hardworking palm wine tapper and her mother a skilled basket maker whose hard work brings people from nearby village to her goods.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In this beautiful village where every sunrise brings the elders together sitting under the mango tree.To the youngsters playing near the stream everyone knew of Beauty, they admired not just her looks but for the kindness and respect that sparkles in her eyes, strangers who passed through the village for trade or come to buy her mother basket couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help but notice Beauty, they often leave gifts like coins and pretty bangles for her. Her parents treated her like a queen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Beauty\uc0{\u8217}s parents dreamed of a future where she would find a wealthy husband who was not only going to be handsome but kind-hearted, someone who will cherish their precious daughter as they did in the village where each day flowed like a gentle river. Beauty life was simple yet full of warmth, she helped her mother in her basket making and sometimes accompanied the father to the bush where he taps his wine. Her laughter is a melody that resonates in the hearts of those who hears it. This is the story of Beauty the village jewel whose life was about to take a turn she never expected.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two girls Faith and Blessing came from a village not far from where Beauty lived, they came from the richest families in the village where everybody respects them because of their wealth. They wore expensive clothes and had things that even the hardest working wine tapper couldn\uc0{\u8217}t afford and didn\uc0{\u8217}t make friends with the other girls because they thought that were better than everyone else.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One faithful day, Faith and Blessing was sitting down near the stream laughing and talking, Beauty came to fetch water she was polite and greeted them as she did with everyone when she was about to leave with water Faith and Blessing called her and asked if they can be friends. Beauty was so excited at this unexpected offer of friendship, she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe that the most respected girls in the village wants to be friends with her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She hurried home excited to share the news with the mother, her mother smiled but also cautioned her that it is good to make friends but be careful Beauty for we don\uc0{\u8217}t have what they have, they might change you, she want Beauty to stay true to herself and have values. She started spending more of her time with them they went out together played and explored the village.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Beauty is now 16 years old her life began to change she was entering a new world with her friends. A world different from the simple life she had always known as days passed, Beauty found herself increasingly absorbed in the lines of her friend drawn into a world that glittered with wealth but was perhaps not as bright as it seemed, this was a new chapter in Beauty\uc0{\u8217}s life that would lead her down paths she never imagined.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Faith and blessing persuaded her to tell her parents to let her go to an event with them to a nearby village for an annual new year yam celebration. After telling the parents she agreed to go with them it was her first time going out to a big event without her parents. At the celebration Beauty caught the eye of many men they all wanted to talk to her because of her beauty at first she didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to talk to them, but Faith and Blessing encouraged her to talk to them that she can get anything she want with her looks.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Along with the line, the prince talked with her and they got along well after the meeting and she started thinking she can live a different life from the one in her village. She liked the attention and new way of life her friend showed her. The new yam celebration changed Beauty and she began to act differently, more confident but also a bit arrogant. The respectful village girl is now tasting a new life she starts going out without telling her parents, sometimes ignores the village elders that she no longer greet them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then came Beauty\uc0{\u8217}s 17 birthday the whole village celebrated her just like they do every year. She received many gifts from the villagers but this time there was a man called Joe who brought his own gift a day after her birthday. He was so handsome, rich, tall and many ladies in the village dreamed of marrying him. She enjoys his company during this time Beauty\uc0{\u8217}s parents got suspicious of Joe frequent visits and try to warn Beauty to stay away from him but she won\uc0{\u8217}t listen, she told her parents that she\uc0{\u8217}s now a big girl and she can now make decisions for herself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day Joe came to visit and took Beauty to his house far from her home, he treated her well by buying her clothes, shoes, give her money and entertained her. They spent a lot of time together, they became intimate not long Beauty realized she was pregnant. She tried to hide it from everyone including her parents, she even tried to get rid of the pregnancy with the help of faith and blessing but it didn\uc0{\u8217}t work eventually her mother noticed she asked she denied it at first but later she had to tell the truth. The parents were disappointed and felt disgraced, the villagers who once admired Beauty stop giving her gifts, she felt ashamed and tried to reach out to Joe because he stopped coming to see her. Beauty and her parents went to Joe\uc0{\u8217}s house to confront him only to find out that he had left the village. She felt betrayed and alone, her friends Faith and Blessing also turned their back on her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The girl who was once the Jewel of the village is now facing the hardest time of her life. She had to live with the choices she made far from the simple and joyful life she once knew. She felt betrayed by her friends, pain, loneliness advanced the reality she had to face as a young mother without the support of the child\uc0{\u8217}s father.}}\par
\sect
}