{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy18\hr21\min01\sec56}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy18\hr21\min01\sec56}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Vicky was a beautiful young woman\uc0{\u160} with an amazing kind and generous heart, she made friends with people very easily and love to help those in need whenever she could. She helps people by giving them food stuffs, clothes, money as she could because of her beautiful nature both inside and out Samuel developed a crush on the young lady.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, he walked up to her with courage and asked her out she agreed, it was not long they were dating 3 months later Samuel proposed to Vicky who happily agreed. After the marriage the two\uc0{\u160} decided to move to a new apartment they searched for it and Vicky paid for it and they were so happy to put the efforts into making it a home together.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Not quite long, Vicky became pregnant she was very happy because she had always wanted to be a mother and couldn\uc0{\u8217}t wait to tell Samuel when he gets home from work. Vicky told him when he got home, he wasn\uc0{\u8217}t so excited to hear about the news he said \uc0{\u8220}well I guess I\uc0{\u8217}ll have to give up my studies\uc0{\u8221} because he had been studying part time in order to get a business degree but with the news of the baby on the way he thought that he would have to give up his dreams in order to get a full time job to provide for his family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Vicky came up with an idea so he wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t give up his education, she set up a profile on an online job site, Vicky have a skill in interior design, infact she had renovated the entire apartment on her own so she thought perhaps she could help her husband in the same way.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The business started off slow but after a few contracts she had with hotel gone successfully the young woman began to make a lot of money, four months passed Vicky had managed to save up quite a sizeable amount of money for the arrival of the baby.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, Samuel came back home and was looking exhausted, Vicky told him that he should quit his job and focus on studying full time since she was making a decent living that could support them. Samuel was so happy and accepted the offer, the couple was so happy they could spend time together now her husband didn\uc0{\u8217}t have to go to work. Something terrible happened one day, Samuel\uc0{\u8217}s mother Esther had a fall and injured her hip and he decided to move his parents to his house without discussing with his wife, Vicky agreed that it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t bad that she understood that they could find a new place to live where his parents could also find a space, Samuel grinned went ahead the next day to bring his parents.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Samuel and his parents\uc0{\u160} went out the next day to view houses that might be suitable for them, Vicky loved a small cottage that had enough space for all of them and wasn\uc0{\u8217}t expensive ,Samuel and his parents weren\uc0{\u8217}t interested in it instead they decided they wanted a large and expensive house, she paid but the receipt was on Samuel\uc0{\u8217}s name. It wasn\uc0{\u8217}t long after Vicky came to regret her decisions allowing them to move in with them the in-laws were completely rude to her and bossed her around like she was their housekeeper like telling her to cook, sweep the house, wash the clothes and iron them even when she is so tired.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Samuel began to act strange by keeping distance from his wife, coming back late, she complained to the husband how the parents are treating her but he excused their rudeness that they were trying to get use to living with one another. It wasn\uc0{\u8217}t quite long Samuel graduated from his college with a degree in business, he quickly find a job in a nearby firm it didn\uc0{\u8217}t pay a lot but it gave him some money to spend on what he wants like clothes and shoes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Not long Vicky delivered her baby, Samuel\uc0{\u8217}s parents complained that she should quit her job and pay attention on her baby and house work. Samuel told his wife to stop her job but she refused because she felt accomplished in her work, the husband frowned that he didn\uc0{\u8217}t like the idea the wife earned more than him and if anyone knows he will be a laughing stock.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, Vicky was fed up with her in-laws moaning she left the house to take a walk in the park, she saw Samuel and hid because he was walking along the park with a lady hugging and kissing, she took picture of them but never asked her husband. That night at the dinning table when all the family was eating, Samuel told the wife he don\uc0{\u8217}t think he is interested in the marriage that she has changed a lot in her look after her pregnancy and his parents agreed that she just sit all day pressing her computer and she is just lazy claimed her father Andrew, Vicky couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She asked \uc0{\u8220}what of the baby?\uc0{\u8221} Samuel said I want you to leave and don\uc0{\u8217}t have anything to do with the child, Vicky cried and went upstairs, pack her bags, left that night driving to her parents house who live not too far. She explained everything to her father who has a law firm, he filed for a divorce letter to Samuel which says he needed to pay money for the baby and cheating on his wife. Samuel was too stunned how they knew about his affair.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When they got to the court, Vicky took all the pictures as evidence Samuel didn\uc0{\u8217}t have a leg to stand on and have to pay the agreed amount which was a lot of money for the upkeep of the child and as well as the lawyer fees.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day Samuel called Vicky after the divorce everything went down the hills fast, he was fired by his boss for sleeping with the secretary who happens to be his wife and left him shortly.\uc0{\u160} He complained he had to sell the expensive apartment and moved into a tiny home with his his parents who would complain everything he did was not enough. Vicky was disgusted that he didn\uc0{\u8217}t ask about his baby and told him she is also down and hung the call.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Vicky was so happy the way things turned out to be for her husband like a fairy tale and said to herself \uc0{\u8220}all that matters is my son\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}