{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy16\hr15\min02\sec58}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy16\hr15\min02\sec58}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember the time I saw my nephew sitting in the living room talking to himself. I did not provoke him but I slowly went closer to hear what he was saying. \uc0{\u8220}When I grow up, I want to be like Kylian Mbappe\uc0{\u8221}, this is what he was saying. I did not hesitate but interrupted him by laughing out loud. He asked me, \uc0{\u8220}Uncle, what are you laughing at?\uc0{\u8221} I replied with a smile that he has a great dream of becoming the future Kylian Mbappe. He told me that he will achieve the dream as long he is still breathing since he has already started working on the dream.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My Nephew always goes to a football training on a daily basis to make sure that he is gaining more skills when it comes to soccer. His coach is impressed with his skills and he does not miss any football match because he is in the first squad. As of now, his position is number 10 and it is already printed on his jersey like Kylian Mbappe. His team always rely on him when it comes to winning. I can say that my nephew is a scoring machine when it comes to football.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 African rooms are hard to decorate but my nephew tried his best to hang some beautiful pictures of his role model Kylian Mbappe. I asked him why he did that and he told me that the pictures motivate when he looks at them. He is inspired to become like him whenever he looks at them every morning when he wakes up. Whenever I see this, I become so happy to see how my little nephew dreams big since as a person, there is a need to have a goal and that is what gives as hope of life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 During the final match at the world cup of 2022, it was a day I saw many tears from my nephew. He wanted his role model to have the cup but it did not happen. However, he told me that Kylian Mbappe performed well by winning three goals during the match which was not a surprise because he knew that his role model is a goal scoring machine like him. To have someone who inspires you is a great thing ever. I have hope and trust that my nephew will become the future Kylian Mbappe because every dream comes true as long a person is putting effort to achieve that dream.}}\par
\sect
}