{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy23\hr19\min44\sec22}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy23\hr19\min44\sec22}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Being the final student in the class was the saddest experience of my life. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t take school all that seriously while I was in primary school. No matter how challenging the exams were, I could still do my best to maintain a passing grade. Things changed by the time I was in sixth grade. My performance drastically declined. In last term, I became the last one in a class of 46 students. My classmates began frequently making fun of me. Some even claim, \uc0{\u8221}You have risen to the top starting from last one.\uc0{\u8221} I can\uc0{\u8217}t even begin to understand the amount of agony this kind of ridicule was causing me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was not permitted to enroll in the following class since I failed because this was the final term. While my buddies advanced to grade 7, I was compelled to remain in grade 6. Since I used to assure my parents that I took my studies seriously, it was quite difficult to explain to them how I failed the class. My father was quite disappointed in me after seeing my school report. I can still hear the word he said to me today. He advised me, \uc0{\u8221}Your education is for you and you alone; if you fail, you are destroying your life.\uc0{\u8221} These remarks caused me to think deeply about who I am, and ever since my father told me that, I have taken the decision to take my academic career extremely seriously.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I made a commitment to myself that once classes resumed, I would put an end to any destructions that would distract me from my studies. When I moved up to number 8 in the class, out of a total of 51 students, in the first term, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe it. On this particular day, I was overjoyed and eager to show my father my new number. He was overjoyed for me when he saw my school report. Then he advised me to keep trying and to put in extra effort. I was shocked to be the first student in class during the second term. I could double-check my name on the report card, supposing that my teacher had spelled it incorrectly. Everyone was shocked to learn that I had risen to the top, including my former classmates from grade six.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I made a commitment to myself that if I performed poorly, I would at the very least not move past number five and would maintain my position as the first student in the class. My father gave me a tiny bicycle as a gift since he was so happy for me. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe my father was so pleased of me that he went out and bought me a present. I continue to do well in class, and many of my peers look up to me as a role model when they need assistance with concepts that the teacher was trying to teach.}}\par
\sect
}