{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy20\hr16\min23\sec21}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy20\hr16\min23\sec21}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From the open windows of my room a soft, cold and flowery spring breeze was blowing. I looked at the yard. The pink blossoms of the roses were rolling slowly. The small swallows sitting on the highest branches the berry trees were singing. I had found a closed box of my books and notebooks since we moved to our new house that my mother had kept them out of my sight for several years. I opened it and looked the notebooks that were filled with my teacher\uc0{\u8217}s signatures and then I found that purple note book of my school friends\uc0{\u8217} memories that I had searched for it for several years.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Again, the first thing that attracted me in that notebook was a painting from Bahar who was a close friend of mine since the grade ten. We used to sit in a same bench and table on the front row of the class. Bahar was full of life, full of joy and fun who used to live in the moment and enjoy the life in each second. She was scared of death the most and she loved to live and enjoy it the way she wanted. She was good in painting and sometimes she drew some paintings that I did not understand their hidden meanings. Her paintings were always full of secrets a mystery kind that only Bahar knew about them but she was not good in other subjects especially physics, mathematics and chemistry. Unlike Bahar my favorite subjects were physics, biology, chemistry and languages but the most difficult subject for me was painting. I could not draw even a straight line.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Whenever we had the painting exam I could not sleep the whole night before the exam thinking on how to draw and pass the test. When our teacher painted something on the blackboard and asked us to draw on our exam paper then color it I always tried my best but I drew something completely different than what my teacher expected. I could use different colors in my paintings and based on that I could get the passing marks during the tests.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At the class I always had the top rank and even though I did not agree with my teachers on some of the theories that we studied they gave me some projects to investigate and come up with the results to explain it for everyone and sometimes I had the projects to teach my classmates. I always loved to know more about the parallel universe in physics and the black holes theory. My teachers thought that I was so carious and adventures unlike other students who accepted whatever they said on the class. I used to ask the questions I wanted to know everything critically not only to memorize them from the lectures or the books to pass the tests.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While Bahar did not like these subjects. Her favorite subject was painting. She had a painting notebook with so many mysterious paintings. Her unique talent was changing words to paintings and I believed that she will become one of the best painters in the world the same as Leonardo Davinci. She did not like to participate in other classes and when we all had to attend all the classes and be present everyday she was just waiting to finish that class especially mathematics and physics that were the most boring and difficult subjects for her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sometimes she even failed in these two subjects. During the exams we were divided into two groups. Group A and B and each group had different questions. Sometimes I could help her on solving her questions because I wanted her to pass the exams and we bought graduate in the same day and the same year while my teachers knew about it, so most of the time they changed her place and asked her to sit in the last table of the class that I could not help her with those difficult subjects.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Daily I was the first student who reached to school I came out of my house and walked half of the way then rode on the bus and when the guards and cleaners came to school I was there before our teachers and other students.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our school had many students and it was only for girls. We studied from 8:00 Am to 12:00 PM and everyday one of our teachers who had a big notebook of attendance sheet marked us either present or absent by reading our names on the line inside the school yard then we could go to the class but Bahar was late most of the time although she had a personal driver who brought and picked up her from school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Bahar was from a rich family. \uc0{\u160}She was not comfortable with any other classmates except me that she could share her thoughts and feelings. We were in the 12th grade that I saw changes in her. Although girls were not allowed to bring or use the handsets or any kinds of mobile phones Bahar brought a handset secretly and most of the time she hid in the school yard inside the pine trees and talked to someone over the phone. \uc0{\u160}She missed most of the subjects although each teacher re- took the attendance when they came to our class and marked her absent.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day I asked her, \uc0{\u8220}with whom are you talking so much and why don\uc0{\u8217}t you attend the class?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She said, \uc0{\u8220}just talking to my mother.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You have to focus on your studies as this is our final year. You must take preparation for the entrance exam while I see that most of the time you miss the class and hid here to talk on the phone. I continued.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I promise Roya that it won\uc0{\u8217}t happen again. please keep it as a secret that I have the phone.\uc0{\u8221} She replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After that she attended some classes again on the break time she went and talked over the phone. I could see her from the windows she looked so happy even more than before. Her style changed suddenly that sometimes our teachers blamed her for that. In school we had to wear a black official school dress with a white scarf while she was wearing green, red and pink scarfs that the teacher who checked us on the entrance door did not let her to come in. Sometimes she secretly brought those scarfs in her bag but wearing the white scarf in school and as she went out she changed her scarf. She did not do her assignments and always got less marks on daily tests too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As a friend I asked her, \uc0{\u8220}can you please explain that what is going on in your head and why don\uc0{\u8217}t you focus on the lessons? I clearly see that you talk and smile over the phone from time to time, so it is obvious that you are not talking to your mother because you can talk to her as much as you want when you went home then what is the need to talk to her over the phone?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You are the first one that I want to share a secret with you. \uc0{\u160}I am in love. \uc0{\u8220}She said}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I asked \uc0{\u8220}what? When and how did it happen? Who is he?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She said, \uc0{\u8220}his name is Haroon and since last year I could saw him out of the school he gave me a love letter in which he confessed his love and he wrote his number too. At first, I did not pay attention to him again he sent me a red rose with another letter and mentioned that he really loved me and wanted to talk to me that I called him then we started talking together. Today he will pick up me and we will go out but I told my mother that I will be late as I have to study to get preparation for the entrance exam in case she called you please tell her that we study together.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I got angry and said,\uc0{\u8221} I will never lie to your mother or anyone else and you should not do that either. You planned to go out with a boy whom you even do not know him and you lied to your mom too? You should not get so much close to him because it would ruin your future.\uc0{\u160} There is no time for love. It is the time that you should focus on your studies to build your future and career.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tears followed down her face and said,\uc0{\u8221} I thought we are friends and I can trust you why don\uc0{\u8217}t you understand that I really love him. I only want to be with him in future. Can\uc0{\u8217}t you help me once please?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I got frustrated, \uc0{\u8220}since we were friends I told you to be careful. Do not trust easily and do not lie to your parents. If he really loves you then it is fine just ask him to come to your house and ask your hand from your parents. If you cannot trust me then there is no need that we discuss further on this topic.\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Of course, he will do that but first he wants to find a job, so that my parents do not reject our marriage proposal.\uc0{\u8221} She replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I said nothing and moved out of the school that she came out too and further from the entrance door a young, slim boy in the black suit was standing behind a light blue car. Bahar happily went to him and they greeted then she looked back at me and sat in the front seat of the car and they moved on.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That night I was only thinking about Bahar. I had never saw her that much happy before that she was after meeting Haroon. I thought love was such a beautiful and happy scene in her life and brought that much joy in her heart that she was ready to accept any risks, to cross all the limits but to be with him. Who was he? From where? Was he a real lover as Bahar believed or just playing with her emotions? Was it a real love or just a trap? What really love was? I did not have an answer for these questions and I did not know because I had never fallen in love but I only knew that love was a complicated equation that I was not aware of it till then and for sure it was one of the equations that I could not solve it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Love did not have a definition for me till then but all I knew that Bahar\uc0{\u8217}s heart belonged to him. Again, I wished she was right. Days passed and Bahar was happier and I was wondered does love really bring that much happiness and joy in one\uc0{\u8217}s life? We did not talk anymore and in the class, she sat at the last table and most of the time she fell asleep like the sleeping beauty again the teachers woke up her while after a few months Bahar was changed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She became totally a different person and most of the days she was absent too. Since it was the final year at school I brought a notebook and asked all my classmates to write down something on it for me as a memory because if years after the school I read their memories I would remind them and I would like to capture those school memories in my notebook including all my classmates\uc0{\u8217} hand writings, thoughts, feelings and drawings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everyone happily wrote something on my notebook and although I did not ask Bahar she took my notebook from other classmates and wrote something on it as well as a painting.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}One night I will die without light}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Do not leave me friend}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since the time is not right.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She wrote this short poem and she asked for forgiveness at the end she had signed it and painted a drawing on the next page that I did not understand what really it meant. It was the word LOVE but in a painting. There was a candle, a crying eye, half of the face, a sea, a ship, a palm tree, a sun and I was totally confused that what does it mean? I did not understand that how a happy girl like her become so sad suddenly? She wrote about death that she was scared the most.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Those days we had the final exams. I saw Bahar was really sad. She did not smile anymore. There were dark circles under her red and crying eyes. Her face was pale and most of the time she was chewing her nails sitting alone at the end of the class. I knew that something was wrong.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I went to her and said, \uc0{\u8220}I want to talk to you.\uc0{\u8221} She got up hugged me and cried that I had never saw her tears before,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Thank you so much I was waiting to talk to you since the last few days.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We went out of the class and sat under the tree then asked her, \uc0{\u8220}tell me what\uc0{\u8217}s up? You do not seem happy any more why? What has happened?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She said, \uc0{\u8220}Haroon has deceived me. I called his number was off and asked one of his friends he said he has gone to Turkey last week.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was totally confused and did not know what to say. She continued, \uc0{\u8220}I wished I had listened to you when you warned me about him,\uc0{\u8221} Roya please help me what should I do now because Haroon needed money to start his business then he would have asked for my hand and I have given him our savings at home and my jewelries too but he did not return them although he mentioned that when he started his own business he would return them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I said, \uc0{\u8220}I really don\uc0{\u8217}t know but still I am asking you to talk to your mother and inform your parents about it perhaps they could do something. \uc0{\u8220}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She cried, \uc0{\u8220}no not at all if they knew that I was in a close relationship with him before marriage they will not forgive me as you know we are not allowed to be in a relationship with any men. Haroon has ruined my life. He promised to marry me but he didnt. You were right he just used me and now he has escaped.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I felt really sad for a while and asked,\uc0{\u8221} Are you serious?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She cried and replied, \uc0{\u8220}yes.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was astonished and silent for few moments then told her, \uc0{\u8220}please explain everything to your parents. I am sure they will help you and will understand you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She got up and said, \uc0{\u8220}I curse Haroon to never reach his destination. And for the whole life to suffer for the real love but not to find love and happiness in life. I feel so lonely and lost.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I said, \uc0{\u8220}no never think so as I am always there for you. Your parents are with you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She said, \uc0{\u8220}I know you are always with me and you are the only true friend of mine but why did he lie to me?\uc0{\u8221} she did not continue and went away. I was just thinking what to do or what to say?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That night I could not focus on my lessons and I was only thinking of her and reminded what she said the last time that felt lonely despite of being among her family, friends and relatives. No, she was not alone but she wanted to be with the one whom was everyone for her and after he left her she lived in a lonely world. This was another kind of loneliness and Bahar knew it. The one who brought happiness in her life for a short time but left her alone when she needed him. I wished I could do something for her because she was so sad and frustrated. Tomorrow she did not come to pass the exam and as I reached home I called her but her number was off. The day after tomorrow again she was absent and our chemistry teacher asked me to come to the principle \uc0{\u8216}s office. I did not know what has happened but as I went there the principal and other teachers were all sitting inside the room.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Do you know about Bahar?\uc0{\u8221} asked the principal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I looked at them and said, \uc0{\u8220}what?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}She committed suicide last night.\uc0{\u8221} Said one of the teachers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I got up and my eyes became blur I only said, what!!!\uc0{\u8221} and fell down.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then the teachers brought me a cup of cold water and pour water on my face, \uc0{\u8220}Roya! please take care of yourself we thought you might be aware of this incident. Unfortunately, we are also shocked the same as you but what to do now she is not anymore. Do you know why did she commit suicide? Her parents believed that she had mental illness.\uc0{\u8221} Said the principal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I cried, \uc0{\u8220}no she was not mental.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And rushed out of the room, \uc0{\u8220}where are you going\uc0{\u8221} said one of the teachers but I did not hear anything and did not stop there. I went on the yard shouted and cried a lot but still did not believe it. I could not believe that a girl like her to commit suicide, so I decided to go to her house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I reached next to a three-floor building I saw there were many people gathering behind her house and many cars stopped there. The entrance white door was open and I climbed the stairs where there were several girls standing and greeting with women. I entered in a big hall that was so crowded. There were girls and women all in black dresses. Some of them were crying and some of them were silent. \uc0{\u160}In the middle of the hall there was a table and Bahar\uc0{\u8217}s smiling photo was over it. It seemed she was still alive and smiling.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her young mother in black dress was crying and some other women tried to make her calm. As soon as she saw me she hugged me and cried, \uc0{\u8220}see Roya, she has gone. Bahar has left us and shouted a lot.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I asked her to come out as I want to talk to her. We went to another room where there was no one and asked her, \uc0{\u8220}how did it happen?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She said, \uc0{\u8220}Bahar was so worried recently and she did not talk to us. Finally, she hanged herself from the fan and went.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Did she talk to you what happened to her?\uc0{\u8221} I asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No, what happened to her?\uc0{\u8221} I did not want to say it but she insisted, \uc0{\u8220}please tell me because I was her mother and I did not know what happened to her?\uc0{\u8221} some money and jewelries were lost from home and she was worried about them as well.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I told her about Bahar and Haroon \uc0{\u8216}s love story. She could not believe it and said, \uc0{\u8220}Bahar talked over the phone and told us that she talked to you to solve the questions I was not aware on what she was going through.\uc0{\u8221} then she cried more and I tried to make her calm. After that I came back to home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The whole day I cried and could not sleep during that night. Next day morning the news announced that a girl who had mental illness committed suicide and mentioned Bahar\uc0{\u8217}s location where she lived. I was still wondered that why her family called her mentally sick when she was not at all and now that even her mother knew the fact behind her suicide but did not want to raise this case to the crime branch. I thought perhaps it is because of their family \uc0{\u8216}s honor and reputation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Days after that incident as I sat on my table in school I reminded Bahar. It seemed she was still there looking at me and smiling. Sometimes she could talk to me too and my classmates were really scared and they told my teachers that I talk to no one but I was not aware. Whenever I looked at the last table inside the class I could see Bhahar\uc0{\u8217}s crying face. I did not believe the fact that Bahar was not there anymore. During the nights I dreamt her hanging from the ceiling and I shouted and woke up suddenly. Even after graduation from school those nightmares continued until one day I saw a familiar photo on the TV.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That was Haroon\uc0{\u8217}s photo and as the TV reporter announced he was drowned in the waters between the Turkey and Greece sea in a boat with some other passengers during the night and only few people were saved from that boat. Again, I reminded Bahar\uc0{\u8217}s curse and her last painting on my notebook that she wished Haroon never reached his destination and it really happened to him. Every night I looked at my note book and cried whenever I saw Bahar\uc0{\u8217}s Painting. I just looked at that painting days and nights and read her last poem.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Finally, my mother hid my school note books as my anxiety increased and I could not find it. After so many years I found it in a box when we came to our new house and I opened it. The notebook was filled with memories from my school friends and again I saw Bahar\uc0{\u8217}s painting on it. This time I knew the meaning behind it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She burned like the candle that she drew for someone who did not even believe in love. Haroon drowned in her tears ocean. I could clearly see the connection of that painting with his death because life is full of punishments and one can not build their future life by destroying others.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}