{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr17\min14\sec38}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr17\min14\sec38}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Spending six years with a man and end up breaking up is waste of time in a girl\uc0{\u8217}s life. I date my ex-boyfriend since 2017 December. Our love life was like the ones that we see in movies. Whenever I could come back from school, I could go straight to his place. He had a small house that had a sitting room and a bedroom close to his father\uc0{\u8217}s house. This is where we could spend our evening time and I could go back to my father\uc0{\u8217}s place which is my home at around 9pm. I got used to him to the extent where I felt like I can just be staying with him the whole night without going home.After three years, my ex-boyfriend decided to leave his father\uc0{\u8217}s house and went to stay in the capital city, Lilongwe. He opened a small shop that sold some groceries like sugar, bread, cooking oil, and soft drinks. This became hard for both of us to be meeting since the capital city was far from where I stayed. Our relationship shifted to an online dating after my boyfriend went to start a business in the capital city.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a short period of time, I started noticing that my boyfriend was not active anymore like back then. I could ask him what was wrong but he would tell me that everything was okay. One day, I decided to go to visit him without informing him that I was coming. I wished I could not do that because it was a bad idea. I witnessed my ex-boyfriend cheating on me the day I went there. I did not hesitate but I just went straight to the bus depot and went back home. I was crying the whole day in my room to why would my man do such a thing to me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He called me the same day to ask me for apology but I could not pick the phone. The next morning, we spoke on the phone and he begged me for forgiveness and because I loved him, I decided to forgive him. After one year, I started falling for my friend who was near me and I ended up cheating my boyfriend. What gave me courage to cheat on him was because he also cheated on me. However, I felt very bad after doing it because it didn\uc0{\u8217}t make a difference between the two of us. I kept it a secret till my boyfriend figured it out from the guy I cheated him with. The guy told him because he wanted to be with me and this was a very big mistake because I did not love him and I loved my boyfriend.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My boyfriend could not forgive me no matter how many times I asked for forgiveness. The other guy I cheated him with asked me to be in a relationship with him but I could not accept because honestly, I did not love him. I chose to stay alone because my boyfriend would not forgive me for the mistakes I did. I wished we could forgive each other and start afresh because I am still in love with him.}}\par
\sect
}