{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy19\hr09\min15\sec04}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy19\hr09\min15\sec04}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In October last year, around 9:00 PM, just before bedtime, our house was swarmed by mosquitoes. They were big, black, and everywhere. We couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see or hear each other over the buzzing noise they made. We had to run outside. We spent the night at a lodge because everyone was too scared to go back. It wasn\uc0{\u8217}t normal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next morning, the house was clean with no dead mosquitoes on the floor. We overlooked this incident. But a week later, we woke up at midnight with my wife, Jemima, and my child screaming, \uc0{\u8221}We\uc0{\u8217}re getting bitten!\uc0{\u8221} I could hear the mosquitoes but couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see them because we slept with the lights off. When I switched the light on, I was horrified. My wife and I were covered in mosquitoes. I still can\uc0{\u8217}t forget this image of that night.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We ran outside again and went to the hospital because we were swollen and bitten. We never set foot in that house again and moved out the next day. We had lived there for three years. We knew something was wrong because the situation was so strange, so we went to a nearby witchdoctor. What he revealed was so shocking.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He said to us that my wife had fired our maid in June last year for being lazy. My wife didn\uc0{\u8217}t pay her in full for her last days of work, even though I said to pay her two months\uc0{\u8217} salary. I had given my wife 100,000mk for two months salary and 20,000 for transport, a total of K120,000. However, my wife only gave the maid 30,000mk for two weeks and half without transport money that I told her to give the maid.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 According to the witchdoctor, the maid was behind the mosquito attacks. The doctor advised us to fo and apologize to the maid or the attacks would continue. My wife went to apologize, and the maid said, \uc0{\u8221}You are apologizing to the great person.\uc0{\u8221} This meant that she had not forgiven her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After that, we moved to another house because of the mosquito attacks. In that house, something strange happened. The mosquitoes came back, but this time they all died. The floor was black with dead mosquitoes, and when we stepped on them, there was blood everywhere. There was a horrible smell too. We left the house again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next day, our pastor from my church advised us that for the sake of my child, I should stop living with my wife. That\uc0{\u8217}s how we separated but we did not divorce each other. After that, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t experience any more mosquito attacks. In January this year, my wife passed away in the hospital. She was suffering greatly with sores from mosquito bites everywhere. May her soul rest in peace. I think of her every day, and I know my child, Jasmine is still traumatized by what our family went through. I pray my wife finds peace in the next life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is hard to believe all this happened because of a dispute with our maid. Looking back, I wish we had handled things differently. My wife firing the maid without paying her fully seemed to start all these problems. If we had known that something so small could cause such big issues, we would have made sure to settle everything properly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Living through this taught me a lot about respect and treating everyone fairly. It showed that things we don\uc0{\u8217}t understand can have real consequences. The witchdoctor\uc0{\u8217}s words and the maid\uc0{\u8217}s actions reminded us to be careful and considerate with others.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now, my child and I are trying to move on with our lives. The memory of my wife and the strange events will always be with us, but we are focusing on the future. We have learned to be more respectful and mindful of others. This experience changed us forever, and we hope to never go through anything like it again. I pray for my wife and hope she finds peace. I also pray for strength for myself and my child as we heal from this traumatic experience. Life teaches us lessons in unexpected ways, and this was one lesson we will never forget.}}\par
\sect
}