{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy16\hr13\min52\sec46}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy16\hr13\min52\sec46}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The funeral wake was 12 minutes to conclusion when two men in black suits drove up in a Mercedes Benz into Muitire Village.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Gather everyone,\uc0{\u8221} they told the village head.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Funeral cooks, grave diggers, breastfeeding mothers, singers, the village head and school children all rushed to sit under the mango tree that hugged the homestead front. The two men in black suits were just too serious for a funeral and their foreheads sparkled with fine lotion, their cheeks clenched against stiff eyes. They seemed to unbothered by the funeral and wailing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We may hear why you have called us,\uc0{\u8221} Sokisi, the village head said, prodding the men in black suit to address the funeral crowd.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We need monkeys,\uc0{\u8221} said the shorter of the men in black suits. \uc0{\u8220}We are paying $20 per monkey. On spot. Today.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was delirium as wailing at the funeral turned to spiced chatter about whether the monkey offer was real or some sort of a well-dressed circus.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You realise we are not kids to be monkeyed around,\uc0{\u8221} Sokisi the village warned the men in black.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Try us,\uc0{\u8221} said the taller of the two men in black, flashing a wad of $20 notes, \uc0{\u8220}the first monkey gets a bonus of $50.\uc0{\u8221} He couldn\uc0{\u8217}t finish his sentence properly as dozens of villagers were already up on their feet swarming out of the funeral home, dashing to fields, forests, riverbed to hunt for monkeys.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s welcome if we capture, sell them \uc0{\u8211} the monkeys are a menace to village corn crop anyway,\uc0{\u8221} a local farmer was heard humiliating as he headed into the forest to capture his share of monkeys for sale.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In just one hour \uc0{\u8211} the funeral homestead was a hive of activity as forest monkeys, some in cages, some dangled in hand were handed over to the two men in black suits who paid wads of $20 on the spot. Live monkeys exchanged hands at a brisky pace. No one was paid in lieu of promise. Every monkey was paid for on the spot and loaded into a blue Nissan Navara sedan. In total 100 monkeys were collected for and fully paid for.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We are done,\uc0{\u8221} said the to men in black suits, cranking the car engine and speeding dustly into the sunset. \uc0{\u8220}Next time we return we promise to buy each monkey for $100 in three weeks time.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}$2000 for 100 monkeys \uc0{\u8211} this is some bloody monkey business!\uc0{\u8221} Sokisi the village head, who himself sold five monkeys, shouted as he commended his subjects for taking advantage of a rare business opportunity. The return of the men in black suits with a higher price for moneky was the talk of the village and it was greatly anticipated.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two weeks passed until a huge Scania tractor lorry pulled up into the village one Sunday. The lorry was packed with three drivers \uc0{\u8211} but they were not the original men in black suits. This was a new set of strangers and they had a lucrative offer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We are selling live monkeys,\uc0{\u8221} they announced to villagers who had rushed to Sokisi\uc0{\u8217}s compound mistakenly thinking that the two men in black suits had returned. \uc0{\u8220}$50 per monkey.\uc0{\u8221} The men\uc0{\u8217}s lorry was packed with 90 live monkeys, jostiling for maize cobs food in cages.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Villagers went into a trance on hearing this. $50 for a monkey \uc0{\u8211} this is a fantastic offer, shouted Jengu, the village baker, musing that \uc0{\u8220}if we buy monkey for $50 from these strangers and sell for $100 from our two men in black suits \uc0{\u8211} fantastic $50 profit.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The lorry with 90 monkeys selling for $50 each was quickly emptied as villagers paid lavishly, taking possession of the 90 monkeys hoping to sell them forward in a week\uc0{\u8217}s time for $100 each. \uc0{\u8220}Monkey business has never been this high-paying,\uc0{\u8221} a drunk Sokisi, the village head, said excitedly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Plans to puchase small cars, send kids to private schools, open a small village clinic were wildly discussed, wagered on the dream that the two men in black suits would eventually return in a week\uc0{\u8217}s time, to purchase 90 monkeys for an enhanced price of $100 each. The villahge\uc0{\u8217}s home kitchens, launches, pantry-rooms were packed with 90 monkeys, waiting for the $100 a monkey buyers to pitch up.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A week passed, and the two men in black suits didn\uc0{\u8217}t show up. Another week passed. A third one passed \uc0{\u8211} and two months went on with the two monkey buyers in black suits never arriving. A year went on, the monkeys kept in place, with hope, fed daily on then dream of the two high-paying buyers in black suits arriving someday. They never showed up.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Idiots!\uc0{\u8221} screamed Sokisi the village chief one Sunday night, standing on a hill that stood in the middle of the village. \uc0{\u8220}Bloody scammers! Bought from us 100 monkeys at $20 each. Send their friends with 90 monkeys for $50 each. Idiots!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a week\uc0{\u8217}s time \uc0{\u8211} 90 monkeys were released to the forests, jumping, jostling for the fresh maize crop in the riverbed.}}\par
\sect
}