{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy15\hr16\min49\sec43}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy15\hr16\min49\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Once upon a time, in a small village surrounded by a vast forest, there was a magical orange tree. It was said that this tree had been planted by a powerful sorceress who lived deep in the forest, and it had the power to talk to girls only.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The villagers were curious about the tree and often sent their daughters to talk to it. The girls would sit under the tree\uc0{\u8217}s branches, and it would whisper secrets and wisdom to them. The tree\uc0{\u8217}s voice was soothing and reassuring, and the girls always left feeling uplifted and inspired.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, a young girl named Amara decided to visit the magical orange tree. She had heard many stories about the tree and was eager to experience its magic for herself. As she sat down under the tree\uc0{\u8217}s branches, she heard a soft voice whisper in her ear.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Hello, Amara. I have been waiting for you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Amara was startled but not afraid. She knew that the tree was magical and had been expecting to hear its voice. \uc0{\u8221}Hello, magical orange tree,\uc0{\u8221} she said. \uc0{\u8221}What do you want to tell me?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The tree spoke in a gentle, melodic voice. \uc0{\u8221}I want to tell you that you are special, Amara. You have a kind heart and a brave spirit. You have the power to change the world, and I believe in you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Amara felt a warm glow spread through her chest. She had never felt so loved and appreciated before. \uc0{\u8221}Thank you, magical orange tree,\uc0{\u8221} she said. \uc0{\u8221}You have given me a gift that I will cherish forever.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the days passed, Amara continued to visit the magical orange tree. Each time, it shared more wisdom and encouragement with her. She felt like she had found a true friend in the tree.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But one day, when Amara returned to the village, she found that the tree had stopped talking. The villagers had cut it down, thinking it was just an ordinary tree.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Amara was devastated. She had lost her only friend, and the village had lost a source of magic and inspiration. But she knew that the magical orange tree\uc0{\u8217}s legacy would live on in her heart and in the hearts of all the girls who had sat under its branches and heard its voice. And she promised to carry its wisdom with her always.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}