{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy21\hr11\min35\sec58}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy21\hr11\min35\sec58}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I keep going into my silent zone from time to time. I cut off from people, no calls, no texts. I am not angry with people. I don\uc0{\u8217}t get my heart broken or anything like that. It\uc0{\u8217}s not always about relationships. It\uc0{\u8217}s about so many little things that my heart keeps accumulating over a period of time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I keep ignoring these things with my smile and laughter. But suddenly, my soul screams that it\uc0{\u8217}s getting too much to handle. And at this sign, I give up. I give up on trying to be happy all the time. My acceptance comes in the form of my silence. I try to just soak it all in. I don\uc0{\u8217}t go to people and share my problems.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What to share, anyway? I don\uc0{\u8217}t know the exact thing that\uc0{\u8217}s bothering me. But so many things come together and make it one big, complicated mess. How can I explain it to you when I myself don\uc0{\u8217}t understand it? Sometimes maybe my stress from the office and sometimes the comment that someone said. At first, they don\uc0{\u8217}t seem to bother me but when am alone and think about it and put them together. I can\uc0{\u8217}t know which of them is bothering me. I don\uc0{\u8217}t understand it too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So I just give time to my soul to breathe, to heal. I can\uc0{\u8217}t just run to the mountains in search of peace. So I go through this phase at home. I try to act normal, but I also try not to interact too much. I need that space, that emotional detachment for some time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So does it help? I kind of enjoyed that time, me time. I get time to just breathe in peace. I don\uc0{\u8217}t have the daily madness of people to deal with. I don\uc0{\u8217}t get bothered by what is happening in their life and what their complaints are about me. It\uc0{\u8217}s good to not have that stress for some time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I know it\uc0{\u8217}s my people. But honestly, your soul does need a break from everyone, from time to time. Maybe, it\uc0{\u8217}s selfish. But I know that I need to. Otherwise, I will just go insane. It has worked like magic for me on many occasions. I have found out things about me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have realized what kind of person I am, what I like, and what I want from life. You won\uc0{\u8217}t get this time in your daily, routine life. You would just spend the whole day jumping from one thing to another. So this time in quiet gives me a lot of space to reflect on life, the larger picture.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I will come out of it in a few days. And my soul feels fresh. I smile, for a change. I breathe as if I am living every moment. It\uc0{\u8217}s like soul therapy. Try it.}}\par
\sect
}