{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy13\hr19\min05\sec47}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy13\hr19\min05\sec47}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When my sister got married, she asked me to look for her a maid so that she could be helping her do house chores. I understood her request because she was already pregnant so I knew she would need help.\uc0{\u160}After 2 years of staying together, the maid got pregnant. My sister\uc0{\u8217}s husband insisted that she delivers in the house and that they adopt the baby and raise her as their own.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sister was okay with it. After she delivered the baby, my sister\uc0{\u8217}s husband said that the maid should continue with school.\uc0{\u160}Having dropped out from form 2, her husband hired a part time teacher. After 2 years, the same maid got pregnant just as she was about to write her end of secondary leaving certificate exam and my in-law said the same thing, that they raise the child.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She gave birth to a baby girl. After my sister gave birth to the 1st birth, she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t conceive again. After giving birth to these children, she decided to stop working for my sister and said goodbye. My sister was happy since they said goodbye nicely. The maid would come once in a while to greet them and leave.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A year after she had left, my sister called me to meet with her and she said its urgent. This is when I found out that my in-law was married to the former maid as a second wife. Both her daughters were his. Their relationship started long time ago. We never knew their relationship was so complicated. This news made us think hard about what we knew. It showed us that sometimes, there\uc0{\u8217}s more to people\uc0{\u8217}s lives than what we see on the surface.}}\par
\sect
}