{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr08\min56\sec13}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr08\min56\sec13}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a warm summer night, and my friends and I were looking for something to do. We decided to go to a party that was being thrown by some people we barely knew at collage. We arrived at the party, and it was already in full swing. There was loud music, people dancing, and alcohol flowing freely.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 These guys made a booze punch using decomposed bananas as its major component, along with cannabis cakes. My buddies and I were unaware of the beverage\uc0{\u8217}s ingredients. Unaware of what was within, we began to drink it down and eat the cannabis cake. I quickly became so drunk that I had trouble walking and speaking.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This time around, I had a crush. She was a classmate of mine, and we were very much in love. The only issue was that she perceived me as a drunkard because I went to see her each time after drinking. So, I hardly stood a chance because girls from our Collage used to think they owned God.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The inebriated me wanted to go to her room this night. I had to go up some steps to get to her room from where I was.\uc0{\u160} I don\uc0{\u8217}t remember how I managed to get to her room. I recall waking up on her bedroom floor at around two in the morning. I discreetly exited, hiding my tail between my legs like a scared puppy out of embarrassment and shame.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She knocked on my door around six in the morning. She showed up looking serious and furious. She had truly never come to my room, let alone at that time, so I knew I was in trouble but had no idea how bad it was. I tried to cut her as she began to scream. \uc0{\u8221}Noah Casanova, stop talking and let me talk!\uc0{\u8221} She yelled and gangster got scared.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She then started to narrate\uc0{\u160}what had transpired. I kept knocking on her door till she opened at around eleven pm. She was dressed for sleep then. I had to crawl into her room to get in. I smelt terrible and was filthy. I broke down in tears as I told her how much I loved her. Her roommate witnessed the entire incident.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She attempted to get me\uc0{\u160}out, but I was unable to move. A short while later, I passed out on her floor. She was forced to abandon me there. Early in the morning, I woke up and realized I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t recall how I got there. She concluded by saying, \uc0{\u8221}Noah, you have brought me to shame I have never seen in my whole life.\uc0{\u8221} She warned me to cease talking to her if I ever returned to her room after drinking. She said that she had been considering giving me a chance, but I blew it and made an angry exit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was shocked because I had no memory of it. After standing up, I headed to my friend\uc0{\u8217}s room. I discovered him still asleep and very wasted. His room also smelled like crap. Later, I discovered that he had urinated on himself. I tried to speak to him, but he was babbling meaningless things. I entered a different friend\uc0{\u8217}s room. This time, he was also asleep when I found him, but he woke up to tell me what had happened.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Bro, you kept yelling and sobbing that you wanted to go to her room,\uc0{\u8221} he stated. We attempted to stop you, but you were unreceptive. You fell down the stairs and had to be lifted and placed outside of her room after crawling for about ten meters. You were left there crying and pleading with her to open the door because otherwise you would commit suicide. \uc0{\u8221}What?\uc0{\u8221} It shocked me that a gangster like me\uc0{\u160}could become so frail. I was a gangster in college, I assure you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But that night changed everything for me. I realized that I had been living my life recklessly, and I needed to take responsibility for my actions. I was lucky to be alive, and I knew that I had to change my life. I stopped drinking, taking weed and doing drugs, and I started to focus on my future. I started to work hard in school and eventually graduated with honors in law. I got a job and started to build a life for myself. The lady is now a doctor and we are good friends. I never got to date her though. The guy behind this punch, is now a software engineer. Looking back on that night, I am grateful for my friends who saved me. They showed me that I was loved and that I had a future. I will never forget that night, and I will always be thankful for the second chance that I was given.}}\par
\sect
}