{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy13\hr11\min40\sec32}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy13\hr11\min40\sec32}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I met a guy named Innocent on Instagram last year. We started chatting, and eventually, we began dating. About four months into our relationship, I was at his house for a usual sleepover. Everything seemed fine until around 2 a.m. when I woke up to something strange.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Innocent was completely naked, but he had some kind of feathered item around his neck. He was pacing back and forth in the room. I wanted to ask him what he was doing, but something inside me told me I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t supposed to see this. Fear crept in and I started worrying that he might harm me to keep his secret.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then he started speaking in tongues, or something I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t understand. After a few minutes, he grabbed a bottle that looked like it had lotion in it, but instead, it was filled with water. He began spreading it around the bed and even sprinkled some on me. I was terrified, but I was too scared to move, so I pretended to be asleep.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Afterward, he climbed back into bed and acted like nothing had happened. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t sleep again after that. Around 5 a.m., I showed him a fake text from my friend, saying she needed me to take her to the hospital. I had already asked my friend to send it. Once I left his house, I blocked him and never went back.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I never figured out what he was up to, and I never asked. I think he knew I saw something because, later on, he sent me a message from a new number saying, \uc0{\u8220}If it\uc0{\u8217}s something you saw at my house, we can talk about it.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I guess I am still alive because he didn\uc0{\u8217}t mean to harm me. Since that night, I have vowed never to sleep over at a guy\uc0{\u8217}s house unless he\uc0{\u8217}s my fianc\uc0{\u233} or something. I just hope if he ever sees me, he won\uc0{\u8217}t come after me with his magic and charms.}}\par
\sect
}