{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo12\dy12\hr14\min41\sec14}{\revtim \yr2022\mo12\dy12\hr14\min41\sec14}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Narrow escape}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Am currently a refugee in Kenya living in Kakuma refugee camp. I came here in 2015 from Nyarugusu, a refugee camp in Tanzania. I was born in Nyarugusu where i grew up in. My parents fled our home country Burundi during the genocide error and settled in Nyarugusu. They were refugees in Nyarugusu that is where i was born. To be honest, being a refugee is not easy. Having spent my life as a refugee i have gone through a lot. The most painful moment of my life is losing my parents at the same time. How would you feel when you lose both your parents at the same day? To make it worse am the only child. I have no sisters nor brothers. I even don\uc0{\u8217}t know about my generation. My parents had no sisters nor brothers. They were the only family i had ever known. When i asked them about their families, they told me that they all died during the genocide. They were the only survivors from their families. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I lost my parents in 2015. They were brutally killed by some people sent from Burundi. I remember vividly that day because i was with them. I witnessed everything. It all happened beneath my eyes. I still remember their innocent cries ringing in my ears. My parents are the reason to why am still breathing today. They risked their lives to save me. It all happened in the name of going back to our country because it became peaceful. The government of Tanzania and the Burundi government reached agreement of sending Burundians back to their country. So they involved UNHCR and we were told that we can go back to our country because it is peaceful now. They said that our country needs us now than ever. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Many families agreed and registered to go back home. My family also agreed to go back home. We were so happy that we are finally going home. I personally was extremely joyous because i have never stepped feet in my country. It has always been my dream to see my motherland. It has always been my wish. We were told that we will be traveling in 2 weeks time. As the days were drawing closer, my happiness was increasing. When it remained two days before the big day, someone told us that we should withdraw from going back home. He told us its not safe and their intentions are not genuine. We become so confused and didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what to believe and what to do. But personally i was ready to take risk and at-least go home. My father was having doubts about everything. When the day\uc0{\u160} reached, we all assembled at one place. We were divided into three groups because we were many and we were traveling by road. We boarded the bus and started the journey. We reached a certain forest and the bus which was in-front of us stopped. Some men in black entered the bus and it continued moving. Our reached the same spot and stopped too. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Six men in black entered our bus. They covered their faces with masks. They pulled out machetes from their clothes. Three went from the front and others to the back. I was sitting in the middle of my parents. They started killing people in the bus. The bus was in chaos covered with blood. Blood of innocent souls. My father had to push me through the window. When they saw that, they rushed to stop them but half of me was out. So they cut his hands and inserted the machete in my mothers stomach. Then my father struggled until i fell out of the bus. I ran into the woods. I saw some few people following me too. I knew that was the end of me. I stopped and raised my hands up. They were other victims running for their lives. I joined them and we found our way out to Kenya. Then we were brought to Kakuma refugee camp. Thats how I narrowly escaped death.}}\par
\sect
}