{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy25\hr15\min01\sec00}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy25\hr15\min01\sec00}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The New Me}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By Sana Nassari}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was as if my son shot me in the head. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how it happened that after all these silent years, I confessed. My wife who loved me to the moon and back, at first seemed frozen. Then, I saw the wobbly reflection of the light in her tearful eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was leaning to the fence by the Arvand river and cheerfully watching my kids, my sweet kids jumping up and down when that conversation started. What happened to me, the one who has sedulously kept silent all these years? I, the one who even when the telly showed a documentary about my best friend and interviewed his mum whose face was wet with tears, had not broken his silence and on the same day\uc0{\u8217}s afternoon went and bought a dressing table for my teenage daughter. Even when I saw the bloodied face of my friend on one of the mirrors in the shop, I kept silent and despite the dizziness I felt, I went a few steps further to lean to a great pillar surrounded by bed frames, wardrobes and a chest of drawers. I kept silent and my beloved daughter liked the same dressing table in which mirror I saw my friend\uc0{\u8217}s aura. I paid at the cash desk and carried the mirror to the car, feeling as if I am carrying my friend\uc0{\u8217}s coffin.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I thought every problem would be solved in the course of time. But it didn\uc0{\u8217}t. I let it get crowded around us: four kids, each roughly two years far apart. I cut off all unnecessary relationships and kept myself busy raising the kids. I said I am busy with anyone who called and I am booked to anywhere I was invited. I left everything that one day was a detachable part of my life like a part of my body. What a good metaphor! A limb. Part of your body is left on a land mine, although it once used to be a part of you, or even used to be you, now you don\uc0{\u8217}t want to stick this bloody, lame, dead arm or leg to yourself. Even if you want, it is impossible. You have no choice but to leave it and run away from it and from your old self to get to know your new self. Get used to the one who lost part of its entity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I got used to the new me. I got used to my wife, my bundles of love and our enviable family life. But now, instead of watching the sunset, what they asked for a few hours ago, they all were staring at me like at an amputated limb.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why I didn\uc0{\u8217}t keep silent? Why I didn\uc0{\u8217}t use the tactic that I have used for so many years against any curiosity? Why I answered this time and told them that there is a narrow dirt road that could be seen by the binocular through the dense of the reed field. Why did I explain the exceptional optical power of our spotting scope with which we felt that the situation is under control?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nothing was under my control. It was as if I, too, was hearing the story for the first time and that was why I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help myself, not to say that there was a little Iraqi old man who used to pedal all the dirt way long from an unknown place to his humble cottage every morning. He always had loaves of bread in his bicycle\uc0{\u8217}s basket. He had to fold up the lap of his long Arabic robe and tie it so it wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t be stuck in the chain. It was the new soldier who had a real bee in his bonnet about him. Isn\uc0{\u8217}t this man a spy? Where is he cycling from these early mornings? Why he got up so early when it is still dark so that we never saw him leaving the place? Why he does not have a tandoor while all peasants bake their own nans? Where are our soldiers who went to their region to collect some information? It\uc0{\u8217}s been a week and yet, there is no news. Eh? Do you buy it that he is a poor all alone man who cannot leave because of his water buffalos? Trading his own life for two cows? What are you? Fool? It was the fourth year of the war and we did not know that the same amount of time is yet to come and pass in our so-called \uc0{\u8220}holy defence\uc0{\u8221}. I was the most talented sniper in our battalion. Inerrant. I lit my cigarette. Looked through the most accurate lenses ever. He was there. Parking his rattletrap bike by the door. He undid the tie of his long robe. His back was to me. I shot his neck, I thought I can give it a try. The dust rose.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My daughter remained opened-mouth, unable to blink or swallow her saliva. My second kid and first son whose beautiful face was prepared with zits were staring at me through the thick lenses of his glasses. His eyes seemed to pop out. I turned to the left. My third kid was looking at her mum whose hijab slides down on her shoulder. I did not tell them that when the dust came down, the door of the cottage was open. The old man was down on the ground and an old woman with both her hands out was gropingly searching for him. She was blind.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My fourth kid, the little son, was giggling, recalling his daily games, and posed both his index and middle fingers together while folding the rest. He said: Pew! Pew! His gun noise banged inside my head. \uc0{\u8220}Did the blood come out, dad? The real blood?\uc0{\u8221} he asked excitingly.}}\par
\sect
}