{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy23\hr11\min33\sec22}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy23\hr11\min33\sec22}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a small town called Pabo, there was a single mother by the name of Florence. She separated from her husband due to the unbearable domestic violence she encountered in her marriage because her mother in law and sisters in law didn\uc0{\u8217}t like her and they often badmouthed her to her husband.\uc0{\u160} Florence had three children named Nana, Chichi, and Norman, and she was determined to do her best and provide them with the best in life even when she wasn\uc0{\u8217}t sure of how she would manage.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Florence had always been optimistic and dreamed of being a successful entrepreneur\uc0{\u160} in life, she hoped that with her husband\uc0{\u8217}s support she would easily achieve her goal, but those dreams and her optimism were put on hold when she separated from her husband. Her husband often sided with his sisters and mother not knowing they didn\uc0{\u8217}t like his wife. He chose to believe in his family more than his wife. Florence had to put aside her own aspirations to take care of her three children. She worked multiple jobs to make ends meet and she also operated small businesses in her town. Despite the exhausting activities that hardly gave her time to rest, Florence never complained because she knew that her three children were worth all the sacrifices she was making.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But life as a single mother was never easy. Florence had to struggle to pay for rent, daily feeding, and all other expenses that came with raising children by herself alone. She was constantly exhausted and rarely had any time for herself to rest. As Nana, Chichi, and Norman grew older, Florence realized that she needed more than just bare minimum. She wanted them to have the opportunity to pursue their own dreams just like she had always wanted to but she didn\uc0{\u8217}t know exactly what to do inorder to achieve what she wanted for her children because the work she was doing wasn\uc0{\u8217}t enough to achieve what she wanted for her children. So she opted to make a difficult decision to go back to school, even though it meant taking on debt and sacrificing even more of her time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite all the difficulties, Florence stood her ground and persevered. Quitting was never an option for her. She studied late into the night and she worked even harder to provide for her children and pay herself in school. And after years of hard work, Florence graduated with a diploma in business administration. With her diploma, she was finally able to start her own business which was a struggle at the beginning, but she was determined to make it work for her children\uc0{\u8217}s sake. And slowly but surely, her business grew, and Sarah became successful beyond what she could ever imagine.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Looking back on her journey as a single mother of three, Florence realized that the ordeals she had faced had made her stronger and more determined than ever before. She had learned that with hard work and determination, anything was possible. And most importantly, she had shown her children that anything is possible, no matter how difficult the road might be.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}