{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo12\dy12\hr20\min51\sec36}{\revtim \yr2022\mo12\dy12\hr20\min51\sec36}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Orphan\uc0{\u8217}s Cry By Habibi}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The world seems to have flipped on its head. Losing the only of my family I had. I lost my mother when I was five years old; I don\uc0{\u8217}t recall feeling stressed since I was too young to comprehend what was occurring. I moved in with my father after that. Both a father and a mother were simultaneously portrayed by him. Even though I eventually came to accept that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t have a mother while I was growing up, I continued to find comfort and enjoy life with my single father until the universe decided to punish me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Pains and sorrows are now a regular part of my existence. I was saddened by my father\uc0{\u8217}s passing, and occasionally I wonder why I\uc0{\u8217}m living. Sometimes I just become aware that I am entering a new phase of life and must do so with the expectation of better day ahead. Now I am my own mother, father, sister, and brother. I don\uc0{\u8217}t have someone to confide in, thus my problems are my problems. You could ask whether I don\uc0{\u8217}t have any relatives-uncles, aunts, etc. In short, I do have them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My father\uc0{\u8217}s siblings have been helpful to me being raise by a single parent. I was given the moniker \uc0{\u8220}Angel\uc0{\u8221} by my uncles and aunts; they never called me Esther. They treated me like a close family and truly gave me the angelic feeling. My aunties would take me for walks and even take me to the lake while my father was away at his daily tasks in order to provide food for the family. I was happy, but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t realize it was just fleeting. Soon after my father\uc0{\u8217}s passing, everything changed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My kind uncles and aunties turned into monsters. I regret that my father didn\uc0{\u8217}t leave a will before entering heaven. All the estates were divided among his family members, notwithstanding the fact that their deceased brother left a daughter behind. I was shunned by everyone I knew to be my family, even the home my father owned, and my fate remained in God\uc0{\u8217}s hands. Due to this, I was made homeless 17-year-old girl. I was without a home for three months, staying in unfinished buildings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Thank God for keeping me safe from harm. My parents\uc0{\u8217} ghosts seem to have been keeping an eye on me. This difficult circumstance was short-lived, though, as kind people updated my account. I occasionally question whether my parents didn\uc0{\u8217}t alter my life narrative by reincarnating as these kind individuals. For so long, I had prayed for better times, but today I believe that God has heard by cries and given my parents to me in a new way. I now live with foster parents who love me dearly in a place I can call home. Since my father passed away, I have returned to my former life as a princess.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My studies have progressed, and I recently finished completing my last senior high school examinations. I\uc0{\u8217}m sure I\uc0{\u8217}ll get high grades and go into a university. My goal of becoming a dentist will soon be realized. Thank God, my cries for a better life have finally been answered.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}