{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy02\hr20\min42\sec04}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy02\hr20\min42\sec04}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The youths are hopeless. I will say it again, the youths are hopeless. I am hopeless. Hiking up inflation, high unemployment rates, and rock bottom standards of living, that\uc0{\u8217}s the description of my beautiful city Konte (fake city name). It\uc0{\u8217}s not just the capital city that is affected by this plague, the rest of the country is. It\uc0{\u8217}s a sad sight to see, youths roaming the streets aimlessly.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s not just the youth that is affected by this pandemic. A lot of people have lost hope in their country. Much of the middle-aged population goes about life with so much regret and so many broken dreams, and it shows in the way they carry themselves. All their hope is tied to their children, as they try to raise them in a different manner than that they were raised in. All their hope is in a better life for their children, they have declared theirs null and void. The elderly can\uc0{\u8217}t wait for their time for passing to come. Sad faces is all I see in this slum of a city.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So what do you spend much of your time doing when all you know is pain? When all you\uc0{\u8217}ve tried to do or work on fails. You tried a small business like buying and reselling phones but you lacked enough capital to really turn a profit. Or you tried to sell laptop covers but it couldn\uc0{\u8217}t work out because your target market is in survival mode, basics only. How does one feel when one knows that their family put everything on the line to provide for their education till university level, only for them not to land a job for months to years of searching? You feel like the ultimate loser and that everything you touch is cursed. Well, you feel that way because it seems everyone else sees you that way. Who do you cry to and where do you go to?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Most young men end up walking up and down the street looking for \uc0{\u8220}hustles\uc0{\u8221}. A few ways to make a quick buck, are through petty jobs or through unorthodox ways that I shall not mention. Everyone in this city looks to be on a hunt, for any viable opportunity that can conclude in dealings of the holy dollar. How to make a quick buck is everyone\uc0{\u8217}s mantra in this city. But after a day\uc0{\u8217}s hunt of no success turns into a month, my dear friends resort to another outlet, drugs.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Drugs are so cheap in this city, even a homeless guy has easy access to them. They seem to be running this city, everyone\uc0{\u8217}s high on something. Now can I blame them? It\uc0{\u8217}s really hard for me to. This country\uc0{\u8217}s economical infrastructure has run everything to the ground, hope is nowhere to be found. Some denominations capitalize on this and make a buck off the already impoverished, saying God will bless them if they bless the \uc0{\u8220}Man of God.\uc0{\u8221} It\uc0{\u8217}s remarkable how billionaire and millionaire pastors are found in the poorest countries all over Africa, I really wonder why. \uc0{\u8220}Well, drugs can numb my pain. Drugs can make me feel alright. They can make me feel happy and let me forget all my problems. So why shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t I indulge in them? Why should I leave this city, when drugs are all we do? The beautiful escape, the home I call drugs. I love drugs.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I can\uc0{\u8217}t go a day or last a week without them, they support me. I need to find a quick buck for me to keep pushing, I\uc0{\u8217}ll suffer without them. All my dreams and hopes of a better life have been crushed before me, I need something to cure my broken heart. It\uc0{\u8217}ll harm no one by just having some all to myself and allowing myself to feel happy. This is now my life, a life of happiness and no responsibility\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This is a sad situation that has gripped this city, and the country at large. They say that the youth are the future, which is true, then what does it say about the future of this country? We are doomed, no wonder they call this place a dark continent. We further move into the direction of darkness with the hope that some light will shine on us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8212}-}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Drug abuse has gripped much of Southern Africa ever since Covid-19 hit and the situation seems to get worse by the day. Healthcare centers are swarmed with cases of morbid patients due to illicit drug use with most of its patients being the young and strong that should be building the future. There seems no hope for now but advocating for the abolishment of drugs is of vital importance. We should meditate and not medicate.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No physical places were mentioned in this story for my personal protection.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}