{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy20\hr18\min00\sec33}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy20\hr18\min00\sec33}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The pain}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My name is Halima Abdi, am a somali aged 14years living in Kakuma Refugee Camp. Back in Somali my mother land 2010, i was in grade 5 with my girl friends. It was during long break when one of my friends asked if am circumcised. I was so shocked to hear such a thing because i know that only boys are the ones to be circumcised and not girls. Hearing those words made my body freeze and left me speechless. The bell rung and we went back to class. I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t sitting in class in peace because that question was still ringing in my mind. We went back home and i wanted to ask my mum but I hesitated with fear. The next day in school, i called one of my friend Hamdi and asked her if she had been circumcised. She confidently answered, \uc0{\u8220}yes i am.\uc0{\u8221} She then told me, \uc0{\u8220}I hope you are too.\uc0{\u8221} I told her that am not. She was shocked and looked at me surprisingly. She then told me that am unclean and not worthy to even talk to her. She then left and went to a group of Somali girls and whispered to them. They all turned and looked at me then laughed. I went to join them and they all stood up and left me standing there by myself. From that moment all the friends i had didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to have anything to do with me. I faced a lot of discrimination and stigmatization in school and even in the community. I had to face my mother and ask her about it. I was ready to go through the process just to avoid the discrimination i was facing. She told me that she was protecting from the pain and some long term effects. She also told me that she was forced to go through it and it really affected her. My mother had to convince me to fight the discrimination and accept the way i am so that i do not go through the same pain she went through. Tears were crawling down her cheeks as she was telling me this. I had to be bold and persevere all the humiliation and discrimination just to preserve my dignity. }}\par
\sect
}