{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy17\hr08\min09\sec11}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy17\hr08\min09\sec11}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was born in Nea Ionia in Greece}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 in 1979. I never wanted this fact to be known;\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 in fact I\uc0{\u8217}ve spent the better}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 half of my adult life}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 trying to hide my heritage and faith under the carpet}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 and lead a life that}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 was clearly just mine\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 and independent of\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the historic fate of}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 my family. Can you}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 imagine what it was}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 like to look like them,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 to cook like them,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 to be part of their stories,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 to be born into such\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 a peculiar and contradictory\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Greek but protestant family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 part of the forced exchange}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 of population between\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Turkey and Greece, in 1923.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I went to public schools}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 had inspiring but also some not so imaginable\uc0{\u160} tutors}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I traveled as much as I could,\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 met other lands and people,wishing to know\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 their languages}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 and customs\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 and I knew from\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 a very early age that}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 if there were ever any\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 possibility of molting}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the collective fate of myPolis I would\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 take that route and\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have. I hopped on a train around}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Europe in the early 90s}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 and I guess you could say}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 my unrooted years}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 began. I thought well I will be an artist;}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 what could be more}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 unimaginable.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I became a stranger.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Every woman\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 from Anatolia behaves as if she is free, but it is\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 stepping out of the roles}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 when you become free.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While holding this idiomorph\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 thesis I have seen andI have learned and\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am beginning to feel}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 there is no escaping\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 history. A random woman I}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 met in a grocery store in Germany said:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Are you Turkish? Armenian?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I felt embarrassed but reassured.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 People have\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 always commented on my big eyelashes and}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 my take on belonging.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When this unknown}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 woman invoked for the\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 first time my}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 family\uc0{\u8217}s origin\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I knew the joke}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 was up. Yes, part of me is from the East.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My attempts to blend\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 in have not served\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 me well. Starting as a humble daughter I quickly created}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 my own relations}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 assuming a position of respect}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 in my community.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is right that this woman should recognise me\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 right now. Yes,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am free,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 and I await\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 your orders.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You are the new polites.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The immigrants are wandering\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 among us in our}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 neighborhoods. Refugee\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 families are among\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 them. Is that right?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That there are no homes}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 for the non-citizens, that\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 there are no choices\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 for these men and women.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That they get the message}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8212}as they arrive\uc0{\u8212}that they\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 are bodies out of place,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 that this is not their home?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And how is your\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 home today? Are you happy with it?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Can you afford to heat it up?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Do you realize that they can}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 take it away\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 from you}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 at any moment?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Do you feel hospitable?\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 If community}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 is a form of belonging,\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 does citizenship then mean \uc0{\u8216}\uc0{\u8216}to fit in\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Today there is no space for cleanness,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 if not all bodies are belonging}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 THERE IS NO POLIS}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yes I could belong,\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 but that was in the golden years of Greece}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 and remember \uc0{\u8211} as I must \uc0{\u8211}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was born as a citizen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t we all be citizens?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the city of democracy,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 of philosophy and the home of filoxenia, the first Polis, in the roots of Western civilisation. People with EU passports}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 who are not\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 in the streets, what do\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 we do with this dilemma?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Listen, I am educated}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have learned from/studied the Western}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Civilisation. Do you know what Western civilization wants to tell me? \uc0{\u8220}I am weak.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Am I weak tonight?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I don\uc0{\u8217}t think so. Am I the only one hurting}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 tonight? Am I the only\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 foreigner/out of place in the room\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 tonight? Am I the only\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 one whose family has}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 migrated, is migrating now?And my art can\uc0{\u8217}t}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 be supported until it is}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 traumatic enough and grateful}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 enough.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everyone else is confirming}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the audience\uc0{\u8217}s feeling that I am a stranger,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 that they alone,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 are good and knowledgeable enough,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 capable of empathizing with meeting with me, of of protecting and me\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 and evaluating\uc0{\u160} my art.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They are working,\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 and they arehealthy\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 and and deserve citizenshipAre you\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 belonging tonight? Everyone}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 here, belongs tonight.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is not normal}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 for me to feel a stranger}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 but I am not ashamed,,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 no longer am I I alone nor weak. I am not alone tonight because}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 we are all strangers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am here with you}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 and we are all citizens\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 of our Polis.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 https://docs.google.com/document/d/1UU_OTA2Na-yZIzd5z6ATNirStoLQ5tORylaPYF04EnA/edit?usp=sharing}}\par
\sect
}