{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy12\hr14\min14\sec45}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy12\hr14\min14\sec45}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   We are sometimes responsible for the misfortune that befalls us; we suffer through our own faults.We all only live once. That one time we\uc0{\u8217}re supposed to live, we learn a lot, males and females, we learn it in this life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Everyone is weak, no one is perfect and no one can live without mistakes, so we all make mistakes, which is why it\uc0{\u8217}s often said that to err is human. But there are mistakes we can make and find a way to correct, and other mistakes follow us through life and can cost us our lives and sometimes even affect the lives of others.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   This was the case of the person called Jonas and his family name Kapola, an intelligent and brilliant man who made a single mistake that followed him all the rest of his life until his death.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   How did this happen?Jonas needed to get married, of course, for the first time in his life. As African customs require, if a boy is already in need of marriage, he will first leave his parents\uc0{\u8217} house to live on his own, and then he will return with his grandfather, if he is still alive, to tell him that he has found a woman whom he will take as his wife. The grandfather will then call upon his son, who is the young man\uc0{\u8217}s father.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   The family, including the uncles of the young man who wants to get married, will be informed if they are expecting it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   The young man who wants to get married will present himself with a jug of beer and a goat, as is the custom, then the dowry will be paid to his fianc\uc0{\u233}e\uc0{\u8217}s family and the wedding will be organized as soon as possible.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   All this was done for Jonas, he followed all the processes up to the dowry at the in-laws of the woman he wanted to marry and the wedding was organized and even the wedding day was fixed. Jonas had all the blessings of two families, grandparents and parents were happy and very proud of the path Jonas had taken.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   A week and a half before the wedding day, another family showed up with a pregnant daughter, claiming that Jonas had made her pregnant and that their relationship had already lasted several months.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Things got complicated, however, as the new family was welcomed with open arms by Jonas, and discussions began with a witness from each side. Some people even refused to come forward, wanting to stay out of the story.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   The family of the pregnant girl declared that their daughter was already two months pregnant with their son\uc0{\u8217}s child, who wanted to get married even though he had already promised the pregnant girl that he would take her as his wife.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Jonas\uc0{\u8217}s mother fell to the floor half-dead, paralyzed with disappointment because Jonas was a child whose parents had hoped to find respect, and the things that were happening were the opposite of what they believed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Jonas wanted to deny the pregnancy, but his grandfather asked him to tell the truth and to remember that he had gone to tell him that he had found the woman of his life. Then his grandfather asked him if the pregnancy statement was true or false.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Jonas finally agreed that he knew the girl and her pregnancy was his, but he\uc0{\u8217}d already cut off the relationship long before the wedding.And the grandfather told him, but you didn\uc0{\u8217}t tell me you\uc0{\u8217}d been with her.Jonas said it was still private and his grandfather told him it was no longer private. So now she\uc0{\u8217}s going to be your wife.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   As Jonas\uc0{\u8217} grandfather had just said, the pregnant girl stayed with Jonas as his wife and he was already married, and because the grandfather had already said that Jonas was married no one else should object. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Jonah\uc0{\u8217}s family accepted the shame their son had caused them by agreeing to approach this woman in the family, but had conditions: Jonah and his wife had to live apart from them, and they had to always know the other woman as his wife, because that\uc0{\u8217}s where their dowry was.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   A certain moment passed and the woman, still preparing for the wedding, received news from her in-laws that the wedding would no longer take place because their son was already married to a girl he had fathered.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   The girl wept bitterly but didn\uc0{\u8217}t panic too much, instead sending a message to her fianc\uc0{\u233}. The messenger went to Jonas and told him, \uc0{\u8221}Jonas, your future wife, has sent me to tell you that she is still married to you, no matter what has happened. You also know that the dowry can no longer be returned, which makes her a woman married to you. She says she\uc0{\u8217}ll never marry twice, and that it\uc0{\u8217}s better to die than to do something her parents and grandparents didn\uc0{\u8217}t do.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   She also tells me to tell you that she has no peace in her heart and she doesn\uc0{\u8217}t think she\uc0{\u8217}ll ever find it. How can you find peace? Her heart is broken into a million pieces and what happens to her will happen to you too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   After the messenger had finished telling him the message, Jonas said to him, go and tell her that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t plan any such thing and I\uc0{\u8217}m really sorry, the messenger left.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Jonah himself was no longer able to cope with what was happening in his life, so he moved away from his family and managed to pay the dowry to his wife, seeking to live in peace with his wife. Years went by and he had three sons with his wife.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   As he began to forget his awful past, things started all over again. Jonas\uc0{\u8217}s wife did not survive the illness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   After his wife\uc0{\u8217}s death, Jonas decided to marry another woman so that he could raise his children, who were still very young.Without the support of his own family, he remarried another woman because he wanted his children to grow up with his mother, even though she would be a foster mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Things didn\uc0{\u8217}t work out the way he wanted, and because she was already his wife and not his sister, Jonas\uc0{\u8217} new wife became pregnant, and a year later he had twins.Gradually, the wife stopped caring for Jonah\uc0{\u8217}s children and began to misplace her children\uc0{\u8217}s other children.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Once Jonas found fetishes under his pillow, asked his wife, and his wife denied that it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t her who had brought fetishes into the house. Jonah\uc0{\u8217}s wife no longer listened to him; she did what she wanted to do when she wanted to do it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   The children of Jonah\uc0{\u8217}s late wife suffered until Jonah went back to his parents and asked them to keep the children from being killed by his wife. His family told him that he had done horrible things to the woman they had endowed; neither this woman whom he should take in marriage nor they his parents, are heartbroken and cannot pretend to want to forgive when the heart does not.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Jonah\uc0{\u8217}s parents began to say things to him that shocked him too, and Jonah\uc0{\u8217}s presence at his parents\uc0{\u8217} house opened up the wounds from before. His parents told him that they would forgive him if he went and asked the woman they had endowed to forgive him first.So Jonah went to the house of the woman he had betrothed, and when he arrived the woman\uc0{\u8217}s parents welcomed him, even weeping.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   He asked to see his ex again so that he could talk to her, but his parents told him that after he got married, their daughter also found someone to marry her, but she refused, saying that she was married to another man.We begged her to forget what had happened but she didn\uc0{\u8217}t have the courage, and finally when we tried to insist she told us she must remarry if we were willing to remarry her a second time and then several more times, and since then she\uc0{\u8217}s gone without saying goodbye to anyone and not even anyone knows where she\uc0{\u8217}s gone or whether she\uc0{\u8217}s alive or dead.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Jonas apologized to the family and they accepted his apology.He left empty-handed and his mission unsuccessful, telling his parents what really happened to his ex and consoling them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   By not always obtaining the forgiveness he needed to live in peace, both Jonas and his ex had no peace, and above all Jonas had made a mistake. He no longer cared about the family he had all his thoughts were of wanting to find his ex-fianc\uc0{\u233} to apologize to her but she was nowhere to be found.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Jonas continued to live with his wife and had children with her, only because he didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to marry again. Suffering overcame Jonas\uc0{\u8217} head, his wife put him through many trials. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Witchcraft and pride caused Jonas a crisis, and even as a young boy he began to fall ill all the time. When his parents arrived to see their son, their daughter-in-law expelled them from the house, preventing them from seeing their son.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   The Kapola family began to look for a marabout and eventually found one.They consulted him, and the marabout told them that their son\uc0{\u8217}s life was in danger; the woman he was engaged to was heartbroken, and that was why their son was suffering so much.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   So the marabout told them where this unfortunate woman was hiding and told them to go and find her before things got too bad.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Jonas, still in agony on the bed exhausted of his strength, the Kapola family sending people to fetch the woman.The place wasn\uc0{\u8217}t that close; it took them days and nights to get there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Jonas\uc0{\u8217}s situation got worse and worse and he lost his life when the wife hadn\uc0{\u8217}t come yet, the funeral took place, while the Kapola family mourned Jonas their son the people who had gone to bring the wife had arrived with.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   On the day of the mourning ceremony, Jonas\uc0{\u8217}s ex swore that she had forgiven Jonas and his family, and said that she regretted not wanting to do so, not knowing that her forgiveness would save Jonas\uc0{\u8217}s life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   At the end of her speech to the masses, she also said that she would take care of the three children of Jonas\uc0{\u8217} first wife, raising them as their own if the family had no objection.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   The Kapola family didn\uc0{\u8217}t object, giving the children to Jonas\uc0{\u8217}s ex, and the woman thanked the Kapola family, telling them that \uc0{\u8221}in the end, I\uc0{\u8217}m part of the Kapola family\uc0{\u8221}.As for Jonas\uc0{\u8217} second wife, the Kapola family forgave her and allowed her to remarry, knowing that Jonas\uc0{\u8217} children belonged to the Kapola family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Jonas Kapola\uc0{\u8217}s mistakes cost him his life and affected others.}}\par
\sect
}