{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo12\dy02\hr17\min08\sec01}{\revtim \yr2022\mo12\dy02\hr17\min08\sec01}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Have you ever lost everything and had to rebuild from scratch?This has been my life\uc0{\u8217}s headline for the past seven years.I come from one of the conflict zones in today\uc0{\u8217}s era, the Democratic Republic of Congo. One of the wealthiest but poorest countries in the world. The paradox is that this country is the most resourceful country I know but its wealth does not benefit its actual population.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In 2015, I had to flee the country and moved to Malawi due to political conflicts. I left everything I owned behind right after I was close to writing the mid-term exams for my second year in college. My education dream, family, country, and everything I was attached to was left behind. I still remember how empty my backpack felt because I only moved with 2 pairs of jeans, a pair of sneakers, a toothbrush, and two golf shirts. At this point I knew everything was over, I had no hope given the hardships, the one incomplete meal a day, the bricks I made for me to get shelter within the refugee camp, the 5 hours spent on the cue at the borehole to get 20 litters of water, the days I felt useless.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After 6 months in a refugee camp, I woke up and decided that something had to change. I asked myself who was going to be the main character in my movie. Who was going to write my true story? After reflecting on these questions, every answer pointed at me. It was at this moment that I decided that I was going to be the protagonist of my movie called life. This is when I had to rethink everything including setting new goals and drawing a blueprint that was gonna take me to my goals.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I decided to take some certificate programs offered within the camp; I was enrolled in Business Management and took a child protection certificate program while I was brushing up my English. When I completed these 2 programs, I asked myself what was next. The answer was right in front of me. I later applied for an online Diploma program in Liberal studies with a concentration in Business and completed it in 2018. The Diploma program was one of the most challenging education journeys for me. I was depending on myself, I had to do some voluntary work where I could get some incentive for survival. Completing the Diploma program was one of the happiest moments of my life. I was assured that there was still hope for me after all. Today, I am enrolled in an online Bachelor\uc0{\u8217}s Degree program at Southern New Hampshire University while working with a local organization.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At this moment I am convinced that sometimes all it takes you to redefine life boundaries. One of the lessons that I learned from this experience is that the greatest mistake any human can do is to allow another person to define who he/she should be. Life may break you but when you get up, you are not actually starting from scratch but from experience.}}\par
\sect
}