{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy22\hr14\min40\sec28}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy22\hr14\min40\sec28}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am Kalenga, a young boy who faced countless obstacles on my journey to obtain an education. Despite being discouraged by both my community and my family, I persevered, driven by the desire to better myself and those around me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember the day when I went to Umodzi Katubwa primary school to register myself for school in grade five. I was already thirteen years old, much older than my classmates, and I had to start from scratch. I had never been to school before, but I was determined to learn. The teachers were skeptical of me, and my classmates made fun of me for my age, but I kept pushing myself to succeed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At home, my family constantly discouraged me. They told me that my education was meaningless, that I was wasting my time. They believed that my status as a refugee and stateless person made my future bleak, and that I would never amount to anything. Their words hurt me deeply, but I refused to let them defeat me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I completed my primary education at a free school in the Dzaleka refugee camp, but life was not easy for me there. I was constantly bullied and harassed, and I struggled to keep up with my studies. I often went to school hungry, as my family did not care about my education or my wellbeing. But I refused to let their neglect define me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My hard work paid off when I passed my grade 8 government exam with flying colors. The head teacher of my school recognized my potential and decided to pay for my secondary education. I was thrilled at the opportunity, but my family did not share my excitement. They did not want me to leave the refugee camp and attend school in the city. My father disowned me, telling me that I was no longer welcome in the family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite the many obstacles I faced, I left the refugee camp and began attending a secondary school in Lilongwe. Life was difficult for me there. I had to work odd jobs to pay for my education and often went without food. I slept on the streets, begging for money to pay my school fees. But I refused to give up.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I excelled in my studies and earned a scholarship from MasterCard to study business management at a university in Kenya. The scholarship was a dream come true, but leaving Malawi was bittersweet. I was leaving behind the people and the place that had made me who I was. But I knew that I had to take this opportunity.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At the university, I faced a whole new set of challenges. I was one of the few refugees there, and I often felt out of place. But I refused to let my insecurities hold me back. I studied tirelessly and graduated with honors.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I returned to Malawi, determined to use my education to help my community. I started a farming project, and it became a huge success. I employed my neighbors and family, and I was proud of what I had accomplished. But my success was short-lived.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My friends, jealous of my accomplishments, called for a meeting and fired me from my own project. I was devastated. I had poured my heart and soul into the project, and now I was left with nothing. Memories of all the discrimination and hardship I had faced over the years weighed heavily on me. I found myself wandering the streets once again, unsure of what to do next.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But I refused to give up. I knew that I had to keep going, no matter what. I started working odd jobs, doing whatever I could to make ends meet. I saved up as much money as I could, and eventually, I was able to start a new project.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This time, I made sure to surround myself with people who believed in me and my vision. I focused on my strengths and used my knowledge and skills to build.}}\par
\sect
}