{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy06\hr11\min38\sec03}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy06\hr11\min38\sec03}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lisa had just given birth to her baby boy when John left her to go be with his first love.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lisa and John met at a brunch organized by a friend they had in common,Peter. It was also it like love at first sight, at-least for Lisa. John was a masculine tall and handsome man with an Arab decent, while Lisa was a girl from the small town of soroti in Uganda. She was the beauty and talk of the town, she turned necks each time she walked into a room with her very proportioned body , slim waist ,wide hips and long neck.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the night they met Lisa had accidentally bumped into John while she was having a conversation with Peter,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}ooh I\uc0{\u8217}m so sorry I didn\uc0{\u8217}t see you there,\uc0{\u8221} Lisa said to John.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You are lucky you are so beautiful, I can\uc0{\u8217}t be mad at you,\uc0{\u8221} he replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 they kicked off from there on and hangout the whole night and exchanged numbers before they departed. For Lisa that night was magical and she instantly took an interest in John.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the next days that past Lisa and John spoke for hours on phone and met up for drinks but never in the public.John always asked Lisa to go over to his place , she never saw this as a red flag at any point, she actually felt he loved her a lot and that\uc0{\u8217}s why he opened his home to her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 hours turned to days and days to a month until Lisa started having nausea and a lot of changes going through her body, she thought it to be malaria and did not pay much attention to it after taking malaria drugs without having to test for it. She told John how she felt and he never responded in an instant , it normally took him days to reply to her texts and only texted or called her when he wanted her to go over to his place. All these red flags were unseen to Lisa because she was blinded by love, it is indeed true when they said love was blind.John did not treat Lisa like a lover or girlfriend, he never called to check up on her ,never took her out on a proper date either, whenever he had any sexual arousals he knew she was the easiest person for him to have his way with.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two months later Lisa realized she was pregnant and she had only been with John,so she packed her bags without telling her parents where she was going to and left for John\uc0{\u8217}s house.she knocked at the door only for a girl in John\uc0{\u8217}s T-shirt to open the door, she was furious she pushed the girl away and stormed into the house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}John , who is this woman naked in your house?\uc0{\u8221} She asked almost tearing up.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Ooh Lisa I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know you were coming over , I didn\uc0{\u8217}t ask you to come here today,\uc0{\u8221} John replied very confused and out of words .}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lisa started crying and told John she was pregnant and had nowhere to go so she came to his place. All of a sudden the girl in the T-shirt became a lesser problem to the news that had been given to John. He panicked and looked more confused.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} but we always used protection, that can\uc0{\u8217}t be mine,\uc0{\u8221} he said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} what ?? What are you saying?? You broke my virginity and you are the only man I\uc0{\u8217}ve been with sexually,\uc0{\u8221} Lisa said angrily.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} yeah but are you sure you are pregnant ??\uc0{\u8221} John asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes I am,\uc0{\u8221} she sobbed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} okay so what you are going to do is this , you can not stay here, I\uc0{\u8217}ll give you some money and you go to the hospital and get that taken care of okay ?\uc0{\u8221} John said to her while finding the sofa to sit on with his hands on his face.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} are you suggesting that I should have an abortion John??\uc0{\u8221} She shouted at the top of her voice for she was shocked at what had come out of John\uc0{\u8217}s mouth, the love of her life who had promised her heaven on earth, who had made a lot of promises to her in bed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} you know I\uc0{\u8217}m not ready for a child yet and I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to be stuck in life taking care of you and that thing in your stomach yet we can get rid of it right now and still enjoy our lives together,\uc0{\u8221} he said to her blankly with a straight face.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 lisa was too shocked , she walked out of the house with tears in her eyes and went back home, John did not bother to chase after her at all. Lisa reached home and told her parents she was pregnant and who was responsible for it. In Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s culture abortion was seen as a taboo and her parents were very angry when she told them what John had asked her to do. They immediately asked her where he stayed and she took them to John\uc0{\u8217}s house. Only on their arrival did they find that his door was locked and no one answered.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Luckily for Lisa her parents were supportive and protective of her , so for the next days they kept going to John\uc0{\u8217}s house but to no avail. Two months past and John had not called Lisa and no one had seen him around town. He was hiding and made sure he was not caught. One fateful morning Peter met John with another young girl at the taxi stage, John panicked when he saw Peter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} hello my brother, how are you ? It has been long? Did you travel out of Uganda these past months?\uc0{\u8221} Peter asked John.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}uuhhmm yes I had traveled but I\uc0{\u8217}m back now, how have you been my brother?\uc0{\u8221} John replied with a sweaty forehead.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} well I am very disappointed in you John,\uc0{\u8221} Peter replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} what is wrong? What happened?\uc0{\u8221} John answered while being very aware of why Peter had said that.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} let your friend get a taxi and maybe we can have a drink and talk about it,\uc0{\u8221} Peter said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 so John got a taxi for the girl he was with and him and Peter went to the bar to get a drink. Before they reached the bar ,Peter stealthily sent a text to Lisa about their location and asked her to come as soon as possible.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 lisa received the text and told her parents who called the police and went to the bar that Peter had sent.While Peter and John sat taking drinks and discussing about business ,Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s parents appeared with the police and arrested John who was even more confused at what was happening.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 John was taken into custody and Lisa wrote a statement. She asked her parents not to put the father of her baby in jail because she loved him still, John was then given an altimatum to pay Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s dowry and take her home so she could give birth to their child while she was with him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 John immediately took this offer for it was better than sleeping in the police cell. That evening he went back home with Lisa but never spoke a word to her. John made sure not to touch or even speak to Lisa ,when the week came for her dowry to be paid he fully paid it but still gave Lisa the silent treatment.Months kept on passing by and Lisa kept trying her best to make her mans heart to love her again. She cooked and cleaned even while she was heavy with the baby, she tried to massage his legs whenever he came back from work but he would roughly push her away, that did not stop Lisa from trying , it reached a point where John stopped eating the food Lisa prepared at home. He would come home drunk and call Lisa names and beat her up hoping that Lisa would leave the house but she was determined to love him and take care of him no matter what he did.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the eighth month of her pregnancy Lisa went about cleaning the house like she always did and went into John\uc0{\u8217}s room to clean it since they did not share a bedroom anymore. While she cleaned the cupboards she found an envelope with a travel ticket to Ethiopia which was a one way ticket. She did not think much of it for she did not really understand what it really was , all she knew was that it was a flight ticket to Ethiopia. She cleaned the cupboard and placed the envelope back. That night John came back home in a hurry and packed a few things in his backpack as always not saying anything to Lisa , she went and stood at the door of his room because she was not allowed to go into his bedroom.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What is the rush for ? Do you want to have some dinner ?\uc0{\u8221} Lisa asked and as always there was no response.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} anyways we need to start shopping for the bay because i feel I\uc0{\u8217}m almost due,\uc0{\u8221} she added.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 John got so furious and walked towards Lisa and slapped her,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} I told you to stop talking to me you gold digger, you wanted to come and stay in this big house right ?? You got it now ,you managed to tie this baby to me and make my life a living hell , now my wife has been informed that I got a girl pregnant and she wants to divorce me because of you stupid village girl,\uc0{\u8221} he said with so much fury as he went down and continued to hit Lisa who was in utter shock and so much pain.John had never mentioned in their relationship that he was married , he did not have wrong on his finger, he did not have any photographs either and when they met he assured her that he was single, all these thoughts ran through Lisa\uc0{\u8217}s mind as she was being hit continuously.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 she screamed for help and John stood up from her and picked his bag and dashed off out of the house. Because of the stress that she had just gone through Lisa got into labor and the baby was coming , she called her parents who hurriedly rushed to the house to pick her up and take her to the hospital, luckily they did not live so far from where she was.Lisa was rushed to the labor room and after about two hours of screaming and crying she finally gave birth to her baby boy. As happy as her parents were to have a grandson , Lisa lay there in bed very sad at the realization that she was only a place holder in John\uc0{\u8217}s life and never the love of his life as he was to her.the birth of a child was supposed to bring happiness to a family but to Lisa it was a reminder of her traumatic past.}}\par
\sect
}