{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy20\hr14\min32\sec37}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy20\hr14\min32\sec37}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The one-night stand had given Drew a big dilemma. Drew was on a visit to Tanzania with his wife to collect a new car coming from Japan via Tanzania\uc0{\u8217}s Port of Dar e Salaam. On a\uc0{\u160} Monday morning after arriving in the the City of Dar e Salaam, Drew sent Nandi his wife on a four-hour errand to the city commissioner\uc0{\u8217}s officer. That brief moment gave Drew an opening he had been craving.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re paying for another night?\uc0{\u8221} a sex worker wrapping herself in a pink cloth whispered to Drew as he handed her 200 Shillings which was money for one more night at the hotel where they were staying. It was a dubious proposal and it played right into Drew\uc0{\u8217}s dirty appetite.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What\uc0{\u8217}s your room number?\uc0{\u8221} Drew whispered back to the sex worker.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}5, I\uc0{\u8217}m a Aida,\uc0{\u8221} she said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Ada?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Aida,\uc0{\u8221} she laughed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Drew paid for the legitimate room that he was sharing with his wife, and quickly bolted to the beer store where he loaded up on a few pints. He wanted to get a merry vibe before his wife returned. In twenty minutes time, Drew was feeling tipsy and retreated to his booked room. He searched frantically for Aida but could not find her in the hotel\uc0{\u8217}s courtyard. He saw a bevy of other sex workers milling around the hotels, pretending to be busy but actually salivating for a chance to trap some aimless men like him. But Drew\uc0{\u8217}s mind was focused on Aida. He was charmed by her soft cheeks and groggy laugh. It was Aida alone whom he desired. He knew this surely.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two hours went by and Drew\uc0{\u8217}s wife was not close to returning back from the city commissioner\uc0{\u8217}s office. That is when Drew finally bumped into Aida who was knitting some useless polo-neck in a rundown room by the hotel\uc0{\u8217}s janitor office. He smiled and compelled her to follow him to his room.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Aida needed no extra motivation. \uc0{\u8220}You found me at last?\uc0{\u8221} she said, swinging the door into the hotel room that Drew shared with his wife.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}How much short time?\uc0{\u8221} Drew whispered.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}100 shillings short time,\uc0{\u8221} Aida answered back. In Dar e Salaam, \uc0{\u8216}short time\uc0{\u8217} was an euphemism for a quick commercial sex transaction that last no more than five minutes. Soon Drew and Aida were upon each other in a dirty romantic frenzy that consumed both. Aida was keen to make a quick sale. Drew was unsteady fearing that his wife could return at any time and stumble upon their shameless act. Two minutes into the romp, Drew heard a small bang on the condom. He quickly stopped their rendezvous afraid that the condom had burst. However, out of fear of that possibility, he could bear looking directly at the condom with his eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Did it burst?\uc0{\u8221} Drew asked Aida.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know, take a look,\uc0{\u8221} she said. He couldn\uc0{\u8217}t, consumed by fear and shame. A lot of thoughts crossed Drew\uc0{\u8217}s mind: syphilis, gonorrhea, HIV. A stupid afternoon romp in the absence of his wife had thrown him into the biggest dilemma of his life. Aida grabbed her money, dressed up and quickly bolted out of the room, their \uc0{\u8216}friendship\uc0{\u8217} having turned stone cold quickly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Drew finally unpicked the condom and flushed it away in the bathroom. He thought of his predicament. If he got intimate with his wife when she finally returned, he could infect her with something worse. Was Aida HIV positive or carrying syphilis? Who knows by merely looking at her face, he thought. If she was HIV positive was she drinking her medication and virally suppressed? A million scary thoughts were going through Drew\uc0{\u8217}s mind.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Drew finally decided on drinking PEP, the medicine designed to block HIV infection after a possible exposure. But he was a foreigner in Islamic Tanzania. Asking for PEP could invite all sorts of questions, not least from his wife but Islamic pharmacies that dominated the city of Dar e Salaam. To have a chance against HIV, Drew had to make sure he drank PEP medicine within the mandatory 72 hours after possible exposure. His only chance lay in driving back to Mozambique from Tanzania and try get PEP from friendly pharmacies at home. It was a 1000km journey and Drew had to act within 72 hours. But PEP pills were to be drank for 28-30 straight days and Drew knew he ought not to sleep with his wife during the time or else he would possibly infect her at a time the pills were trying to clear the possible infection from his blood cells.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This was the hardest dilemma of Drew\uc0{\u8217}s life; driving back to Mozambique within 72hours to get PEP pills and find a reason not to be intimate with his wife for 28 days for no reason. It was a hard juggling act that would test not only his health (PEP pills, being anti-retro viral medicine had nasty side-effects) but his marriage too. But Drew was determined to save both his health, that of his wife and his marriage. \uc0{\u8220}I will drink the damn pills,\uc0{\u8221} he vowed to himself as he drove briskly out of the Tanzania-Mozambique Border Gate, going back home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Drew arrived home in Beira and quickly went to the pharmacy to source some PEP pills. Luckily for him, a pharmacy technician was handy with a small bottle of pills. \uc0{\u8220}$20 only, 1 pill daily, 28 days, no beer, no game,\uc0{\u8221} the young man said smilingly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No game? Drew knew game meant sex. He paid for the pills quickly, bolted into a nearby car-park and drew open the contents. The pills were large. Each contained three variations of HIV medications and they were hard to swallow. He gulped the first day\uc0{\u8217}s pill with a bottle of orange juice. He felt calm. The HIV from Aida, if it existed in his bloodstream, would be eradicated in 28 days. The big battle now lay ahead of him \uc0{\u8211} how to hide the pills for 28 days at home and also how to conveniently not sleep with his wife for 28 days whilst sleeping in\uc0{\u160} the same bed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This was harder than drinking the daily pills. Drew finally thought of doing the most drastic thing. He conveniently took away his pills, hid them in a nearby forest. In a day, he began a new routine, talking to himself, looking for food from the home bin, talking incoherently, faking hallucinations, pretending to be gripped by mental illness. In the morning, daily at 5am, he would sneak out of the house, into the forest, become \uc0{\u8216}normal\uc0{\u8217} again and drink his daily pill, and run back to his house, pretend to be gripped by Alzheimer disease, mentally ill or anything displaying insanity. He was to repeat this for 28 days. And boy he did!}}\par
\sect
}