{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy31\hr19\min24\sec23}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy31\hr19\min24\sec23}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a park right across the train station and where lived a mom dog with her 3 puppies in. Their home was right in the middle of a small park on the corner of the main street. Among some bushes, the mother found a safe place to have the peace and opportunity to raise her children until they could live alone and find food all by themselves.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old gardener of the park who was responsible for taking care of the trees, lawn and bushes provided the dogs and her puppies with some plastic roofs in order not to be wet when it was raining or snowing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Some passers-by gave the dog\uc0{\u160} food and brought the puppies milk to feed them. This dog had to eat a lot to be able to feed her children. Without the help of human beings, she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t produce enough milk to fill the empty stomachs of her children.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However people tried to help them, they were weak and thin. Many dangers were hidden as well. On one hand, other dogs might attack them and the mother had to fight them to protect not only herself but also her children. On the other hand, some individuals instead of taking care of them threw stones at them or beat them with a piece of wood, unfortunately. I don\uc0{\u8217}t understand why they do such a thing to these cute and kind creatures. This is a question of why?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day in 1402( 2024) a couple had to go to Parand. Although it was winter,\uc0{\u160} the weather was so pleasant. Early morning on Tuesday the sun shone in the middle of the sky. It was snowing two days ago in Parand. The puddles around the train station were full of water.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When they took off the train they came across this dog searching for food and then the cute and naughty puppies caught the eyes of the couple.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They were so beautiful and unfortunately hungry as well. At that time they had nothing to give them,and only played with them but decided to buy something for them when they wanted to go home. They should pass alongside the park to get the train. So they could see them again.\uc0{\u8221} Don\uc0{\u8217}t forget to buy some food.\uc0{\u8221} Arezoo said to her husband. \uc0{\u8220}We should remember this,\uc0{\u160} otherwise these cuties remain hungry,\uc0{\u8221} she continued. And went.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was 2:00 pm. It took the couple about 3 hours to do their work. On the way, they went to the bazaar and bought 2 kilos of chicken skeletons and walked toward the park. As if someone told the mother dog they were coming handfuls.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She ran toward Arezoo and Hamid, the couple,barking. From a distance she was shaking her tail as soon as she saw them. She came closer. She was restless and didn\uc0{\u8217}t let them open the bag to give her food. Her children reached their mother as well. Arezoo found a rather big stone to sit on, took one of the puppies and put it on her feet. She was so calm and crawled herself into Arezoo\uc0{\u8217}s arms. As if she found a safe place to rest. Then Arezoo gave some pieces of chicken to the mother and there came the other puppy.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He, one of the puppies, couldn\uc0{\u8217}t eat food like his sister who was on my feet, but started playing with the bag. Suddenly his neck was caught in the handle of the bag. He was struggling to rescue himself but it didn\uc0{\u8217}t work so Arezoo decided to help him. He was struggling and it caused the knot in the bag. As Arezoo tried to untie it, the puppy moved his head and made it worse. \uc0{\u8220} Take this pocket knife and cut the handle,\uc0{\u8221} Hamid asked. It worked; however, Arezoo was afraid of doing harm to him unintentionally.He was rescued and tried to climb Arezoo up. The mother was so hungry and she ate all the food all of a sudden. The couple were so enthusiastic to see this scene( A happy, full mom; ready to feed her puppies). Now all of them were full. They were no longer hungry. The couple both made up their minds to provide them with some more food again if they wanted to come back again. \uc0{\u8220}They are so cute, Aren\uc0{\u8217}t they?\uc0{\u8221} Arezoo said. \uc0{\u8220} I wish I had a house with a big yard.\uc0{\u8221} She said again, desperately. Hamid put his hand round Arezoo\uc0{\u8217}s shoulder, \uc0{\u8220} We can visit them now and then,\uc0{\u8221} Hamid answered happily.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That day was full of joy and beauty. The mother didn\uc0{\u8217}t let the couple go. Lying down on the ground, she was waiting for them to cherish her. She wanted to say that I trust you. She thanked them by shaking her tail.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However, It was time to go. The train was about to go, that\uc0{\u8217}s why Hamid\uc0{\u160} bought two tickets to go to Tehran. That pleasant memory with dogs etched in the mind of the couple, especially Arezoo. Those playful puppies left a good image of them on the heart of Arezoo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a week they decided to go to the neck of the woods of where the puppies lived to drop by . It was Friday, and in Iran Thursday and Friday are considered weekends. People stay home and enjoy traveling, or visiting their relatives. The night before, Arezoo prepared some food, and put them in\uc0{\u160} a plastic bottle. Plastic bottle was easy and light to carry. They went to the train station early in the morning and bought two tickets. The train left the station with a 15-minute-delay due to technical problems. When they arrived only two puppies were there and the mother was so injured. She looked sick, and couldn\uc0{\u8217}t stand on her feet. The couple asked for the reason and the gardener explained what had happened to them.The mother dog fought with other dogs to protect her children tooth and nail. Her ears and the back of her body were wounded. Her puppies were quite sick and didn\uc0{\u8217}t eat anything. They couldn\uc0{\u8217}t even move. \uc0{\u8220} Two violent boys came here yesterday and bit them with wood,\uc0{\u8221} the gardener explained. We became so sad. \uc0{\u8220}Why should\uc0{\u160} children\uc0{\u160} do something like that?\uc0{\u8221} Arezoo murmured and decided to do something for them. So she took a taxi and went to the animal clinic with the injured mommy dog in the vicinity. Hamid stayed in the park with puppies to take care of them.The doctor jabbed her, cleaned her wounds, and prescribed some medicine.\uc0{\u160} After hours they went back to the park. The mother seemed to\uc0{\u160} feel better and could eat something one way or another. The couple stayed there till evening but it was time to go. They had to go home.It was so hard for them to leave them there on their own. The couple went out of the park and headed to go home. After a week, Arezoo went to that park to see how they were doing. When she arrived, She didn\uc0{\u8217}t see them. They were nowhere. Arezoo looked for them and left no stone unturned but couldn\uc0{\u8217}t find them. She waited for the gardener to come. It took almost half an hour for the gardener to come.At first, she was so worried and went to the gardener, desperately.\uc0{\u160} He told her that one family came here and took them to their house. Arezoo was both happy and sad. Happy to hear they had a home of their own where they could be safe, sadness overcame her because she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see them again. There was someone finally who took good care of them. Arezoo left the park behind and never returned. But she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t forget them at all. She got the pictures of the puppies developed and hung them on the wall of their living room. Whenever she looked at them she wished everything was OK for them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}