{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy26\hr22\min34\sec53}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy26\hr22\min34\sec53}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Africa is a beautiful continent full of beautiful people. Beautiful diverse cultures. Resourceful. Resilient. That\uc0{\u8217}s where I\uc0{\u8217}m from, the beautiful continent of Africa.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With its breathtaking landscapes and natural wonders, Africa is the second-largest continent. It has 54 independent countries and it contributes to 50% of the world\uc0{\u8217}s gold and diamonds. There is vast wildlife all over the continent and it\uc0{\u8217}s home to the longest river, river Nile. From vast dense forests to the scorching dry desert, Africa has it all. There\uc0{\u8217}s land. There\uc0{\u8217}s the sun. There\uc0{\u8217}s water. There\uc0{\u8217}s good climate.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Africa as a continent has a sound foundation and potential for exponential economical growth. There is arable land for farming in most countries and all sorts of minerals are mined and found here. The ultimate source of energy, the sun, burns blistering hot for the most part of the year all over the continent. Rivers run from North to South and East to West. Africa is a continent that has it all, but nothing to show, economically.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have a controversial take. Colonization was the worst thing to happen to Africa, but a blessing in return. The exploitation of Africa still occurs in this modern era, on all its resources. From land to minerals to human resources. Colonization brought forth new ways of thinking and technologies. It also quickly got Africa up to speed with globalization and modernization. One of the major drawbacks would be that of mental colonialism perhaps?\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The belief that most of the population have; was that education was a tool used to control the vast majority of the native population to abide by the colonizer\uc0{\u8217}s rule. Or that we as natives are not able to build and cope with modern complex systems that the colonizers made? Is it our belief system or is it oppression from the liberators? What exactly is the root problem of my beloved Africa?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 70% of Africa is in poverty, as that number indicates a fraction of the continent that survives on $2 or less per day. Most third-world countries are found here in Africa and 24% of the continent has access to clean water. That translates to only 336 million out of 1.4 billion. Africa receives funding and support from the \uc0{\u8220}western countries\uc0{\u8221} to aid with the plague of poverty, and a few changes occur with most of that money being looted. The constant small incentive that keeps us complacent. It seems we\uc0{\u8217}re used to being told what to do. We are used to someone doing something for us. Africa, a baby that seems not to have grown yet it\uc0{\u8217}s the cradle of mankind. Whilst other countries build and grow, Africa battles basic sanitation, food provision, and energy shortages. Infrastructure depreciation is the order of the day. The seed of crime has grown everywhere, and corruption is harvested from its root. What can we do for our motherland? Watch it wither and die with it?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The real plague of Africa is the expectation of hand-outs and lack of self-reliance. I stand firm with the notion that Africa is a continent that is richly blessed with a huge opportunity for growth. Resources are a stone\uc0{\u8217}s throw away. For instance, the sun we always have all year round. Mega-solar plants and solar technical developments should be the primary focus for Africa. The energy crisis that plagues Africa should be a thing of the past, as we have an unlimited supply of energy. We have rivers from every facet of our continent, hydroelectricity shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t be a problem. Large deposits of Uranium are also found here in Africa and I shall not mention the provision of coal deposits all over the continent.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Food shortages are actually a shocker, we have arable land all over Africa, with the exception of the deserts of course. Foreign countries own a chunk of that arable land, and great produce is exported overseas every year in mega-tonne quantities. For the independent countries that \uc0{\u8220}managed\uc0{\u8221} to fend away the colonizers, not much fruit is being harvested. I won\uc0{\u8217}t get into the details of that as the problem is prominent all over Africa.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As we live on a continent with so many resources, we should be resourceful. We talk about indigenization and better foreign policies for investments, why can\uc0{\u8217}t we nurture such investors ourselves on our continent? Every first-world country\uc0{\u8217}s superpower starts with self-reliance, and one\uc0{\u8217}s ability to provide for oneself. Education is a great tool for modern civilization and growth if used well. For instance, we have land. Let\uc0{\u8217}s invest much in farming knowledge and make it accessible to everyone who wants it. Let\uc0{\u8217}s have incentive programs and promotions that award those who perform well and allow them to run larger projects. Let\uc0{\u8217}s have a structure and systems in place that nurture direct economic growth for its people. Let\uc0{\u8217}s build an environment that supports innovation and productivity. That mentality shift from a consumer to a producer is greatly needed in Africa. We have all the resources, then why can\uc0{\u8217}t we use our own hands to refine them? Imports should only be limited to resources and products we don\uc0{\u8217}t have, not our resources that have been refined by other countries and sold back to us.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The story of Africa is a sad one as most Africans would rather leave their homeland to seek better opportunities elsewhere. As Africans, we deserve better for ourselves as well as for the generations to come. No one is going to come and save us, we have to do it ourselves. We have everything we need to change our predicament into something worthwhile and I pray and hope it\uc0{\u8217}s just a matter of time till our potential actualizes. Let\uc0{\u8217}s try to address our issues head-on. Let\uc0{\u8217}s think long-term and invest well in our youths, for they are the future. Let\uc0{\u8217}s have a structure that has been trialed and tested. Let\uc0{\u8217}s have uncomfortable conversations about where we stand and the dilemmas we face. Let\uc0{\u8217}s be brutally honest about the situation and start plotting ways we can better our nations and not be individualistic.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There\uc0{\u8217}s so much Africa has to give to the world, it\uc0{\u8217}s just a matter of time till we tap into that glory. It all starts with awareness, then knowledge to unshackle ourselves from the bondages of mediocrity and poverty.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}