{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy03\hr12\min00\sec43}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy03\hr12\min00\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar \qc{{\cf0\f0 The Pink Shoes}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The little snowflakes were falling down from the foggy sky and a cold wind was blowing. The street was covered by ice crystals. Everyone was in a hurry to reach home as the weather was extremely cold. \uc0{\u8220}Buy a handkerchief for yourself please!\uc0{\u8221} said a small boy, his hands were red. \uc0{\u8220}Help! Help me for God\uc0{\u8217}s sake! My children are hungry and waiting at home.\uc0{\u8221} An old kneed man was shouting and crying but no one heeded him. Everyone was busy with their own tasks. There was the music sound in some shops and the smell of roasted meat of the restaurant filled the air.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A small girl rushed to the bakery and said: \uc0{\u8220}Give me a loaf of bread uncle.\uc0{\u8221} Her fingers were insensible and her shoes were wet. \uc0{\u8220}Hey! You girl come and stay in the line!\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s my turn, don\uc0{\u8217}t you see?\uc0{\u8221} shouted a tall man. She went to the line. After fifteen minutes she bought a loaf of warm bread that was wrapped in a paper and walked away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While walking in the street she saw something in a shoe shop. Yes, she saw a pair of nice and pink shoes. She looked at them for a while. They seemed to be so expensive she thought; consequently, she continued her way, her feet got really cold. \uc0{\u8220}Look at her dress look at her shoes!\uc0{\u8221} said a small boy to his friends. \uc0{\u8220}Her father doesn\uc0{\u8217}t buy her even a pair of shoes.\uc0{\u8221} said another one. \uc0{\u8220}Let\uc0{\u8217}s go boys! She is a beggar.\uc0{\u8221} said the other one. The boys laughed and ran away. She cried but said nothing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Did you buy the bread Maryam?\uc0{\u8221} asked a young and slim woman. \uc0{\u8220}Yes, Mom I did.\uc0{\u8221} Then she put some cooked cauliflower into a dish and they had dinner. After having dinner Maryam said: \uc0{\u8220}Mom! My shoes are too old they can\uc0{\u8217}t be repaired anymore and I need to wear a warm coat.\uc0{\u8221} With a low, sad voice her mother answered: \uc0{\u8220}Okay, my beautiful daughter tomorrow I will get my salary and buy a pair of new shoes and a warm coat for you.\uc0{\u8221} Maryam asked \uc0{\u8220}Mom! Did my father love me?\uc0{\u8221} Her mother answered: \uc0{\u8220}Of course he did my dear.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Then why did he leave us alone?\uc0{\u8221} Maryam asked. Her mother was astonished and didn\uc0{\u8217}t have an answer to this question. \uc0{\u8220}He had to leave us and it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t in his control to stay with us.\uc0{\u8221} replied her mother and tears were flowing on her cheeks. \uc0{\u8220}Then why didn\uc0{\u8217}t he take us to heaven Mom?\uc0{\u8221} Maryam was asking herself but there was no answer for her question. She wished her father was still alive or take them with himself. She thought if her father was there with them then they would not have suffered that much and other kids would not taunt her because of her shoes and clothes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next day her mother went to a big and modern apartment. There was a beige color couch inside the room with some golden color dishes filled with candy, nuts and dark chocolate on the tables in front of the couch. The room celling was covered with hidden white and light brown colors. A fat woman and a young girl were setting on the couch and there was a big TV in front of them on the wall. The young girl asked her mother to change the channel as it was the time of her favorite show.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mariam\uc0{\u8217}s mother washed clothes and cleaned the rooms till the afternoon. She was so tired but happy that she would get her salary today, so she could buy a pair of new shoes for her small daughter suddenly the fat woman who was the owner of that apartment entered the room and said: \uc0{\u8220}Where is my golden ring? I put it on the table but it isn\uc0{\u8217}t there.\uc0{\u8221} Maryam\uc0{\u8217}s mother was distressed and said: \uc0{\u8220}I swear I haven\uc0{\u8217}t seen it.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t lie! I know you have stolen it. \uc0{\u8220}Shouted the woman. \uc0{\u8220}No, no I swear on my daughter that I haven\uc0{\u8217}t stolen it.\uc0{\u8221} Maryam\uc0{\u8217}s mother cried. The fat woman shouted at her again: \uc0{\u8220}Get out of my house; otherwise, I will take you to the police station!\uc0{\u8221} Maryam\uc0{\u8217}s mother begged her: \uc0{\u8220}Please! Pay my salary as I need it.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}I must purchase a pair of shoes for my daughter and she is waiting.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But that woman pushed her out of the house. The fat woman\uc0{\u8217}s daughter said: \uc0{\u8220}Mother you are a great actor! You kept your ring and accused her for stealing it.\uc0{\u8221} She laughed aloud. That woman answered: \uc0{\u8220}It was two months that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t pay her salary, so I played such a drama to pay nothing to her.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}But mom! You should give me the money as I invite my friends for a lunch in the fancy restaurant of the city tomorrow.\uc0{\u8221} Said the young girl. \uc0{\u8220}Sure, I have kept them for you.\uc0{\u8221} Answered her mother then she hugged her mother and said: \uc0{\u8220}I love you so much mom.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Me too honey.\uc0{\u8221} Replied her mother. They both hugged each other and sat to watch the TV.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The weather was still cold when Maryam\uc0{\u8217}s mother arrived home. They had a thatch room with an old, torn carpet inside it. Maryam saw that her mother was so tired and depressed. Tonight, they didn\uc0{\u8217}t have even a piece of bread to eat. Maryam guessed that her mother didn\uc0{\u8217}t receive her salary again and went out of home without informing her mother. There was a thunderstorm in the sky and it was raining tonight. She looked at the sky and shouted: \uc0{\u8220}Stop! Stop all these! Why should we live such a life? Why we have nothing to eat?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Why I cannot wear a warm coat in this cold winter?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Why my mother cannot purchase for me a pair of shoes?\uc0{\u8221} Her tears were washed with the drops of rain.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her mother heard that she was crying outside the room. She rushed, hugged her and said: \uc0{\u8220}Please calm down my lovely daughter!\uc0{\u8221} Maryam answered: \uc0{\u8220}No, Mom I can\uc0{\u8217}t. Yesterday children laughed for the patches of my dress and I felt ashamed. Other kids have warm coats and shoes but I never have had a pair of new shoes and a hat in such a cold winter. Our neighbors use electricity and other heating equipment at home while we aren\uc0{\u8217}t even able to buy some woods for the kitchen and that candle doesn\uc0{\u8217}t have much lighter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our neighbors can eat steak and chicken but we don\uc0{\u8217}t have even a piece of bread for eating. What is the difference between me and other children? Why did my father leave us alone?\uc0{\u160} Why mom\uc0{\u8230}?\uc0{\u8221} and tears didn\uc0{\u8217}t let her continue both mother and daughter cried together; suddenly, there was a lightening in the sky.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her mother said: \uc0{\u8220}Those who taunt and laughed at you did not know that their taunt will hurt you and make you cry so much.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}If you are asking about your father I should say that he was a carpenter.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}He bought that old carpet with so much suffering even he did not have warm clothes during winter.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}In such a dark and cold night, we lost him forever as he was so much ill and we did not have that much money to spend on his treatment.\uc0{\u8221} She cried and continued: \uc0{\u8220}We should accept our life the way it is and be patient with what we have right now.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}A poor kid should not dream big.\uc0{\u8221} This is our destiny and we should accept the way it is.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}let\uc0{\u8217}s go to home now!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That night Maryam couldn\uc0{\u8217}t sleep and as she closed her eyes she dreamt that she went high in the blue and white sky. She sat on a piece of blue cloud. The small white birds were flying in a circle around her. A small colorful butterfly sat on her shoulder. Suddenly an angel appeared among the clouds in the sky. There was something in her hands that was shining in the sun. That kind angel said: \uc0{\u8220}This is a gift for you. Maryam.\uc0{\u8221} She gave her a shiny pink box. Maryam asked: \uc0{\u8220}A gift for me?\uc0{\u8221} That angel smiled, shook her head and disappeared.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The whole night Mariam\uc0{\u8217}s mother was awake and thinking about her daughter as she lost her job. She was worried what to do now. She reminded her husband. The first time that they met and whenever she crossed from the carpenter\uc0{\u8217}s shop, the way he was looking at her. When they got married he promised to keep her happy forever but he got the stomach cancer and when Mariam was only two-year-old her father passed away. Since then Mariam\uc0{\u8217}s mother had to clean the wealthy people\uc0{\u8217} houses and washed their cloths. She had already lost her family in an accident and Mariam\uc0{\u8217}s grandma was looking for her at home but after her grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s death they were all alone without having anyone else to help them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the morning, when Maryam opened her eyes she knew that it was just a dream. The sun was shining through the window. There was neither rain nor thunderstorm and the ice were melting from the window; suddenly, someone knocked the door. Maryam went and opened it but there was no one behind it. A pink box was left behind the door. She looked everywhere but couldn\uc0{\u8217}t find anyone there. That box was exactly the same as that shiny pink box that she dreamt last night. Maryam brought it home and showed her mother as they opened it Maryam was surprised. She couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe by seeing what was inside it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her eyes gazed inside the box. There was a pair of pink and beautiful shoes exactly those pink shoes that she saw in the shoe shop and in her dream last night. \uc0{\u8220}Mom! Mom! Look at these shoes!\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}I, I\uc0{\u8230} dreamt last night\uc0{\u8230} that angel, that kind angel gave me this box and\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} She couldn\uc0{\u8217}t talk\uc0{\u8230} She was happy and the happiness tears were shinning in her eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Maryam\uc0{\u8217}s mother thanked God. Maryam put on those shoes that completely fitted her. She went into the yard and was happily playing with snow while her mother was sitting behind the window. She was staring at something. Who knows what she was looking at? Perhaps, she thought about her daughter\uc0{\u8230}? Her future\uc0{\u8230}? Maybe she was thinking what to do? Or what will happen next? It is possible that she was thinking how to provide a piece of bread to eat today.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Again, there was a smile on her face. Yes, she knew that there is someone who will always help them. She knew that God is always with them. This feeling made her to be strong and fight against the difficulties in life. Now she had a goal to let her daughter to have big dreams in life and she knew that one day her daughter\uc0{\u8217}s dreams will be fulfilled as long as God is helping them and this feeling was strengthening her too. That time stood up and went out to find a new job\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}