{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy20\hr13\min16\sec01}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy20\hr13\min16\sec01}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was dating this other girl called Bridget two years ago. She was a God fearing woman and due to this act of fearing God, I considered her as good girls. The fact that I was grew up in the same society and I could observe how she behaved, she was really a good God fearing girl. Apart from that, she is also educated. She is a graduate from one of the public universities in the country, Malawi Assemblies of God University. Her reputation made me to really love her so much.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This other day, I went at her place as usual, this time I found that she has decorated her walls with portraits and calendars with a picture of one of the actors that people consider as Jesus, the one who acted the first version of \uc0{\u8221}Jesus Movie\uc0{\u8221} that is common around the world. I asked her, why all these pictures on the wall, she was like that\uc0{\u8217}s Jesus Christ my saviour. I was like okay? But do you know that\uc0{\u8217}s not Jesus Christ on the wall? That\uc0{\u8217}s just an actor played the role of Jesus. She started crying and told me to shut up calling me a blasphemous boyfriend, that Jesus will strike me to death.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She was so mad that she even ended the relationship right away. I tried to say sorry for us to get back together but her church friends told her that I am evil and she was supposed to get rid of me. I wondered and asked myself \uc0{\u8221}What do these people at schools learn?\uc0{\u8221}. I thought being educated she would have common sense but it was not like that. I had no choice but to accept the reality that she wanted us to break up.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Today after all these years of being apart, she texted me on Facebook like \uc0{\u8221} Hey I miss you \uc0{\u8221} and my response was \uc0{\u8221}Bridget, do you still believe that the man on those walls was Jesus Christ?\uc0{\u8221} She said, \uc0{\u8221}Leave that topic, I wanna see you\uc0{\u8221}. I told her that I am not ready to have her back after all, I moved on. I hope she does not keep on disturbing me because I no longer believe in God fearing women since they exaggerate about their faith.}}\par
\sect
}