{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy06\hr19\min50\sec11}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy06\hr19\min50\sec11}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 THE QUITE GIRL LOVE ENTERNGLEMENT }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was during our junior high school when we were just young and innocent, we didn\uc0{\u8217}t know much about love and class, however, we did know what we felt and how it felt like. It was strange how new students all new to the school felt strangely close to each other as if we have been known each all a while. She was my classmate and my table neighbor I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how and when it started but all I remember is that she could move from her table and joined me to my table. She was quiet and na\uc0{\u239}ve and beautiful that the whole class knew that she was a star but she didn\uc0{\u8217}t know she was a star in the whole school. I was the opposite of her well on most things you could describe, I was never quite in class, was smatter and I don\uc0{\u8217}t care kinda bad boy. So until now I really don\uc0{\u8217}t understand why she always moved away from her table to my table, because I was not the most handsome \uc0{\u160}but the most troublesome, so what did she really see in me that she chose to sit next to me?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At first I was uncomfortable because she could bring all the attention with her to my table and it couldn\uc0{\u8217}t give me a chance to be myself at least the trouble me. At first I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t notice why I could be caught when I caused trouble, it never occurred to me that maybe my gourd was down and little did I realize that the new kid next to me she was like a light next to me that now everyone could see me across the classroom that even the teachers could now notice when I made troubles. But one thing confused me, I wondered WHY of all places she came to sit next to me. I can\uc0{\u8217}t lie that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t notice her beauty, but one thing I did know for sure is that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t care about nothing about her. First term went by she went back home for holidays and so did I, and as always despite being the noise maker and stuff, my academic performance was impressive, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t care about my grades but I cared big time about being in the top 5 so I always made sure my name was second or third because being number one also attracted unnecessary attention from teachers trying to set me into some debate club yet I loved arts.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Opening of the second term, this time it was a little strange too, she was friendly to me and I could tell she wanted to spend more time with me especially during break time, and if she wasn\uc0{\u8217}t with me she would be definitely in the library. She started being nice to me as days went by, and little did she know that she was also becoming like me \uc0{\u8220}troublesome\uc0{\u8221} I guess it\uc0{\u8217}s true that you can\uc0{\u8217}t tie a good goat next to the bad one. I was still getting in trouble with the teachers even when I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t the one who threw the spears, get punished because of her and I got mad at her every now and then but later didn\uc0{\u8217}t get mad at all, perhaps because during break time she could apologize to me with good snacks and bad jokes she had copied from me. As we reached mid-term she had now became my right hand partner in causing trouble, now we were a team even the teachers have noticed the change too. We started getting in trouble together and get punished together, and we didn\uc0{\u8217}t know how much closeness it brought to us. By the end of the second term she has also started adapting my studying style. This time she also improved in her grades and moved up to top 30 from 40 in the class, while I maintained my position at 3. Went back home for holidays but this time she could call me during holidays, stayed on the phone talking about nothing until data runs out but didn\uc0{\u8217}t care because she was from the upper class. \uc0{\u160}And by the beginning of the third term we have become famous throughout junior and senior high school without us knowing but we both by now were smitten of each other.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was by then hard to have my name in trouble without hers we have become recognizable that our voices where the most known in the whole class and the whole school to them we were the Romeo and Juliet. And well, we loved getting in trouble together and the more we loved spending more time with each other, and by now the teachers tried to separate us to different tables but to no avail. And by the end of the third term even her whole family have noticed how changed she has become and they all blamed it all on me especially. However, it all didn\uc0{\u8217}t play well on my side because I received a warning and restriction order from her parents in collaboration with the school committee almost everyone was against me, or us at least she thought. But little did they know me being in this trouble was the high road to clicking the climax of us our feelings for each other. And by now our feelings exploded that it was like a drug addiction and couldn\uc0{\u8217}t manage staying away from each other, but for fear of getting us expelled we had to be meeting before others go for break time and during lunch hour just when everybody if focused on food.}}\par
\sect
}