{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy21\hr18\min26\sec46}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy21\hr18\min26\sec46}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 -\uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how to do that.\uc0{\u8221} this was the first thing that he said to me he was like somebody who waked up now and his mind was looking after something to think about and start a day.-\uc0{\u8221}There are so many of them out there. what we\uc0{\u8217}re supposed to do now? \uc0{\u8221}He was seeing how miserable l am sitting next to the biggest problem we ever go through our whole life. Is he thinks this way? I was moaling to say something and his face don\uc0{\u8217}t show any emotions. It\uc0{\u8217}s going to scare me. everything seemed like a normal situation. His face was normal. the room was normal. time was a normal 11:30 before noon. Just the Red Book wasn\uc0{\u8217}t there in its place and outside was full of strange strangers. they were like shadows they hadn\uc0{\u8217}t any head, nor hand, nor feets. most important thing they didn\uc0{\u8217}t had eyes. but we felt how they were staring at our home.It\uc0{\u8217}s all started last night after party, When all guests was gone and only left persons were me, my husband Hamid and three of his co-workers javaad, setareh and Reza.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They were helping us for a little cleanup and then after all, this night wasn\uc0{\u8217}t over. Round 3:00 in the morning Saturday looked at his cellphone and said: \uc0{\u8221}of them when I supposed to have some rest let\uc0{\u8217}s go guys.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She looked at javaad who was sitting with a cup of tea before javaad, Hamid answered her: \uc0{\u8221}where are you want to go this late, stay here so we all go together next morning.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And then Reza said: \uc0{\u8221} sorry my rudeness but if I go now I get to home one hour later and I have one hour driving to work so if we want to leave i prefer to sleep in my car.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I said: \uc0{\u8221}don\uc0{\u8217}t say that Reza this is your house\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 S: no honey you\uc0{\u8217}re too tired we better go javaad get up.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 H: we have done enough amount of taarof. take a seat and have a tea. I\uc0{\u8217}m gonna go upstairs and take pajamas for you out all. Farnaz please pour the tea.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He didn\uc0{\u8217}t let Setareh say anything and left then Setareh came to me and said: \uc0{\u8221}Farnazjun I really appreciate your hospitality but I just can have a comfortable sleep my place\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This time Javaad didn\uc0{\u8217}t let her finish. he said \uc0{\u8221}what sleep this 4:00 am. let me tell you something if I go to sleep now even god can\uc0{\u8217}t wake me up till tomorrow night so would you forget about this going home?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I said \uc0{\u8221} take it easy hon, it\uc0{\u8217}s just a night. it\uc0{\u8217}s all gonna be memories come on take your tea.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When Hamid came back with pajamas we w all sat around and having tea in silence.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}where is my tea?\uc0{\u8221} Hamid said. javaad answered \uc0{\u8221}it was getting cold so I rescue it from wasting.\uc0{\u8221} he got his pajamas and ran away. Reza took his pajama and went after him so as Hamid handed Setareh a pajama and he went out of the room too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While Setareh changing her clothes she said \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m going to die tomorrow cause of death: insomnia.\uc0{\u8221} then I close my eyes and I make snorting voice. for a second I really fell sleep. when I opened my eyes felt javaads hand on my feet, he was saying \uc0{\u8221}Farnaz Farnaz this cruel man who you count on him as your friend and always you call him \uc0{\u8221}Rezajun\uc0{\u8221} wanted to wake you up and I just don\uc0{\u8217}t let him. I told him look how sweet she is sleeping.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Satareh and Hamid laughing and Reza said \uc0{\u8221}I really don\uc0{\u8217}t know how you can\uc0{\u8217}t say all of this world\uc0{\u8217}s this quick way then Javaad laughed aloud.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We all have that one friend who never stop doing crazy things. javad said \uc0{\u8221}let\uc0{\u8217}s play a game, Hamid do you have any candles and a red book?\uc0{\u8221} I was still wacky.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 H: realy?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 J: oh yeah you think I\uc0{\u8217}ll let you sleep? give me some candles and a red book. it\uc0{\u8217}s a great before sunrise game.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 H: what\uc0{\u8217}s red book?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 J: any book with a red cover is good.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 H: Farnaz do we have any candles?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I didn\uc0{\u8217}t really understand or heared what they were talking about, I just stood up and got them some candles from everywhere of my home and sat again. Hamid came back and said \uc0{\u8221}is this good?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 that book was Norwegian Wood. it was all covered black color and had a Japanese girl photo on it, who is staring far far away and around her head was a red circle. We are all looking to Javaad with our sleepy eyes so he said \uc0{\u8221}yeah doesn\uc0{\u8217}t matter it just a game.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 S: yeah it\uc0{\u8217}s not important let\uc0{\u8217}s play game quick maybe we can have some rest after all.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 J: never mind so it\uc0{\u8217}s so easy game. we light one of these candles and all of us ask the book on our turn \uc0{\u8221}would you let me in?\uc0{\u8221} then open book randomly and read first sentence that we see, if it has a confirmation word like this at page one \uc0{\u8221}yes thanks I\uc0{\u8217}m good\uc0{\u8221} the book let you in and if it\uc0{\u8217}s like this sentence on page 2 \uc0{\u8221}Auf wiedersehen\uc0{\u8221} it doesn\uc0{\u8217}t let you in. so you\uc0{\u8217}re not in till you ask it again and again till it\uc0{\u8217}s let you in.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 R: what was that auf thing?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 J: here it says that goodbye in Germany.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Javaad start talking again while he was making the candle place on a plate \uc0{\u8221}so its start of the game after this, we ask everything from the book. anything we want. the game go until we ran out of candles, any questions before I light the candle?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 R: what if someone open an empty page?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 J: such a good question. if it was a yes or no question, it\uc0{\u8217}s a yes and if it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t the book dont want to answer that. and if book say something irrelevant it\uc0{\u8217}s a don\uc0{\u8217}t want to answer situation too let\uc0{\u8217}s start.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He yelled last words and light the candle with his lighter then looked up at us one by one and said I forgotten something when we going to run out of candles we asked must ask the book \uc0{\u8221}would you let me finish the game\uc0{\u8221} and you better get books permission before the candle went out. would you let me in?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 J: look at page 260 with this strong \uc0{\u8221}it\uc0{\u8217}s not possible\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 then he handed book to Hamid.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 H: would you let me in?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hamid looked carefully And read this sentence \uc0{\u8221}in absence of stormtrooper I kept the room clean.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 J: it\uc0{\u8217}s definitely a NO.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I need 100 bucks to setareh. She said the vaults and opened book.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 S: it\uc0{\u8217}s write \uc0{\u8221}in the last year of my high school I had the sort of important blah blah blah and take that as a no. It\uc0{\u8217}s your turn Reza.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Reza close his eyes. he said \uc0{\u8221}would you let me in? oh yeah \uc0{\u8217}Rico said of course\uc0{\u8217} I think you must light the next candle.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 J: don\uc0{\u8217}t worry.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Reza handed book to me I opened it and I said \uc0{\u8221}would you let farnaz to be a part of this game? \uc0{\u8217}so you like do those things alone\uc0{\u8217} is it a yes Javaad?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 J: what do you think?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 F:yes}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 J: so welcome and it\uc0{\u8217}s my turn mrs sleepy. let me ask the book as polite as farnazjun, your Highness would you let me be at your service in this game?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He closed his eyes and wrickled his face then satareh yelled at him \uc0{\u8221}hooooooy it\uc0{\u8217}s enough focusing. don\uc0{\u8217}t waste time man.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 so he opened book.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 J: \uc0{\u8221} Hatsumi smiled happily to me\uc0{\u8221} thanks your Highness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then it was Hamid\uc0{\u8217}s turn. we were laughing and did game happily as we join in game one by one. at first our questions was like jokes. Raza ask book will setareh getting married next 10 years? and red book answered \uc0{\u8221}we have our own parties and moments\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the next round Setareh asked the book are Rezas parent gonna told him that they\uc0{\u8217}re adopted him?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She opened book on an empty page. I did not remember how many questions I ask but when javaad was lighting a number four candle that we used for my 34th birthday I felt big issue in my mind I asked \uc0{\u8221}will I find what\uc0{\u8217}s I\uc0{\u8217}m missing?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 R.B: at the end of third round that of course she won against me, my wound start throbbing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I felt cold in myself. then Javaad asked\uc0{\u8221}as we running out of candles would you let me get out of the game your highness.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 R.B: no she\uc0{\u8217}s not here.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 H: give give me the bulge I have questions yet.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 J: I see, but candles\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 H: Farnaz are you sure we haven\uc0{\u8217}t more candles?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I shake my head and he opened the book while asking \uc0{\u8221}where is he?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 R.B: Yes you do your homework like a good boy we\uc0{\u8217}re back before lunch.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 S: He\uc0{\u8217}s my mom loves me?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 R.B: you know Watanabe now that I look closely you have interesting face.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 R: would you let me finish the game?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}auf widersden\uc0{\u8221} oh it was a fascinating game, thanks God it come to an end for me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 J: what are you doing man you? ruined games.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 R: take it easy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 S: we all knew where is that German goodbye is. Don\uc0{\u8217}t be childish Reza.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 R: its just a game. I\uc0{\u8217}m so tired. get up it\uc0{\u8217}s 7:30 and we must go to work. J:none of us can\uc0{\u8217}t leave till the end of the game.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 R: come on Javaad. it\uc0{\u8217}s moving. rise and shine.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 S:couldn\uc0{\u8217}t you wait for a real yes command. Don\uc0{\u8217}t you scare after all that true answers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 R: I know that setareh but look at candlese.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We all took a look at candles and together we understood that it\uc0{\u8217}s went out. outside was sunny and bright. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how much time was gone and we were sat silently. none of us did not dare to say something. I think time doesn\uc0{\u8217}t exist on that moment. after all javaad said \uc0{\u8221}somebody is calling me.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He stood up. he gone toward outside. when he opened the door we saw shadows for first time. he gone through them. Reza was trying to light a candle with Javads lighter but it didn\uc0{\u8217}t work. after that he stood up. he said \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m going to ask him how to light a candle and I ask him if he knows how to finish this.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 S: it doesn\uc0{\u8217}t know morron. probably he was drunk when he was playing for first time and look how he screwed our lives.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 R: Yes you\uc0{\u8217}re right but I must go.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Setareh was beggenig Rezq but he stood up. his gone. Setareh begged him and gone after him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now I can\uc0{\u8217}t see any of them. Hamid said \uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how to do that.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This was the first thing that he said to me he was like somebody who waked up now and his mind was looking after something to think about and start a day. \uc0{\u8221}there are so many of them out there but we\uc0{\u8217}re supposed to do now?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I\uc0{\u8217}m said \uc0{\u8221} so they\uc0{\u8217}re calling you to the most kill them.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 R: how? You don\uc0{\u8217}t even know what really they are.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hamid stood up and when he was going through them i was crying and told him \uc0{\u8221}don\uc0{\u8217}t listen to them. please don\uc0{\u8217}t go. don\uc0{\u8217}t leave me alone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 but I guess he can\uc0{\u8217}t hear me as his ears was full of that sound.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The sound was like a very long basse note. without any change and it says \uc0{\u8221}come to me. I\uc0{\u8217}m Red I\uc0{\u8217}m the ruler of wirds. now your soul is mine.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So I stood up and I gone outside the house. I was dying to have a last look at my home but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t. now I don\uc0{\u8217}t know where am I and I\uc0{\u8217}m really don\uc0{\u8217}t care. I\uc0{\u8217}m just a word.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}