{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo12\dy12\hr18\min18\sec43}{\revtim \yr2022\mo12\dy12\hr18\min18\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The dogs were barking. Beyond them, a deep and dark silence stretched out endlessly. Apart from the police, we were also terrified by the intimidating night.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a very small light far away which was changing color, blue, red, and all over again. We couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see anything. Ali said, \uc0{\u8220}it\uc0{\u8217}s time to run,\uc0{\u8221} but I was really scared and my heartbeat started rising lub-dup, lub-dup faster and faster. I could hear it. I said to him, Ali, I\uc0{\u8217}m really scared.\uc0{\u160} He paused and then said, \uc0{\u8220}be a man. We have to run, otherwise, we won\uc0{\u8217}t make it by the morning! It\uc0{\u8217}s our last night here on this mountain. If we don\uc0{\u8217}t manage to go tonight, we will die here.\uc0{\u8221} There was no food left to eat, and no water to drink, and then, he pointed at the bottle of water. \uc0{\u8220}This is our last bottle of water. You see!\uc0{\u160} It\uc0{\u8217}s better to be arrested than die of hunger. We will die here if we don\uc0{\u8217}t go tonight.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}I know\uc0{\u8221}, I shouted at him, but we have to find a second way. It\uc0{\u8217}s not wise to chase after our death when we know it\uc0{\u8217}s ambushing us right there. Do you know how cruel and aggressive the police are? Have you lost your mind? They will again beat us to death and take our clothes and leave us to freeze in this cold winter. He said, \uc0{\u8220}I know, but what\uc0{\u8217}s our alternative? Huh? I promise we will make it.\uc0{\u8221} He was confident enough, and he knew what he wanted to do. Then he added, \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t have anything to lose. All I have is a hope of being on the other side of this mountain by tomorrow, and I will be there by morning. I know how dangerous it is, and I know there is a risk of being arrested or shot by police. But you know how beautiful it is over there? There is an abundance of beautiful things to see on the other side of the mountain, and I want to see them. I want to live! We will take the risk and it will be worth it. Don\uc0{\u8217}t be so cynical. You will remember this night. I see a light at the end of this darkness. There is something bright waiting for us. Tomorrow, at least you will have a story to tell and a memory to remember.\uc0{\u8221} I told him you know what? We don\uc0{\u8217}t create stories and memories. All we make tonight is pain and then another pain. We are pain!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He interrupted me and then said, \uc0{\u8220}I am going to count to three. We run with heart.\uc0{\u8221} Took a deep breath, and then started counting 1, 2\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I closed my eyes and dreamed of being beyond these mountains. Far away from here, beyond this cold night. It was winter and I have heard that many people have lost their lives on this mountain during the winter, and I started panicking more.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ali said \uc0{\u8220}three,\uc0{\u8221} but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t run. I was drowning in my tears and dreams. He hit on my shoulder and it shocked me to my core. \uc0{\u8220}Now\uc0{\u8221} he screamed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ali and I grew up in a small village in Afghanistan. The village was our paradise. It was located in a very green and beautiful valley. Old houses, side by side. We could hear our neighbors through the walls Our kitchen was dark black, and the walls were covered by smoke but still, the most delicious foods were served there. I can still smell them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We were playing Bride and Groom, together with Ali and his sister Gulsom, and my favorite part was when Gulsom was the bride. Life was simple but beautiful until one day, we were at school. People were busy farming when the Taliban attacked our village. They killed the most defenseless and innocent people as many as they could. My family and Ali\uc0{\u8217}s family fled to Kabul. After a while of living in Kabul due to many explosions and war, Ali and I were sent to Iran to work.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ali was my hero, and still he is. That night he was brave and fearless, and because of his efforts, we managed to cross the border between Turkey and Greece. By the morning, we were on the other side of the mountain.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a few months, we were in Greece. I went to the camp but Ali didn\uc0{\u8217}t. Since he could speak English, he started working as an interpreter. I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t able to see him often. But he was visiting me once in a while.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Once he told me that, \uc0{\u8220}being a refugee is like being a tree cut from its root and planted in a new environment. If it can\uc0{\u8217}t adapt to the new environment it will die!\uc0{\u8221} He was right!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The last time that I saw him, he was sleeping on the street and using drugs. His sister Gulsom had been killed in a bomb explosion in Kabul. Ali couldn\uc0{\u8217}t bear the pain, and his roots couldn\uc0{\u8217}t adapt to the new environment. It was dried by the wind coming from the bloody streets of Kabul.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}