{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy15\hr15\min00\sec13}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy15\hr15\min00\sec13}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Bulawayo with a bitch in a resto-bar, at Kamukolobondo shanty town. Bulawayo planned for a long time to meet Chesko who was a bitch, unfortunately with a busy schedule he did not make it done on the right time as expected. A weekend with a schedule that was comfortable for him he decided on the Chesko\uc0{\u8217}s program so that they could plan to meet and enjoy the moment together.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everything was planned accordingly, They met at Kamukolobondo resto-bar, when being at the place they start enjoying, they ordered the meal, and the drink, after some hours with a long talk Bulawayo interested Chesko to move on, they went to the hotel so that they can take rest. He asked for the bill, and paid.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While on the way, Chesko and Bulawayo, find on the way a certain Kwitisela who was a big brother of Bulawayo in the area where they were living.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kwitisela said; \uc0{\u8220} How are you doing?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We are doing okay, \uc0{\u8220} they replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Happy to find you, so I was looking for Chesko, however, Bulawayo, can you go to your home so that you can let me with Chesko? I am having a deal to work on with her.\uc0{\u8221} said Kwitisela.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Inquired Bulawayo, \uc0{\u8220}For now it is not possible to let you go with her\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}At that particular time, Chesko the bitch was quiet, without showing his opinion on either side, Bulawayo, or Kwitisela.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then, Kwitisela came up with a proposition to Bulawayo, saying that, take five dollars and go to relax, and let me go with Chesko.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Bulawayo replied, we planned to be together at this time, the reason why I am not ready with your request. In addition, where we are coming from I have spent more than what you are proposing, you said five United state dollars, while we use forty five United state dollars as bills.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With the exaggeration of the dispute, Kwitisela did not accept the outcome of Bulawayo\uc0{\u8217}s position, as he was older, then he decided to force the decision of the guys, by taking the hands of Chesko and and forcing to go with her in another direction. While in dispute between Bulawayo and Kwitisela, Chesko did not show out the position on where she will go or go with.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kwitisela slapped Bulawayo, and they started fighting, Chesko run away and did not wait for any of them, Bulawayo shotted a beer bottle on the neck of Kwitisela, and the blood begin to flow, after that Bulawayo run away and went to his home, Kwitisela was directed to the Hospital by the people who was passing in that avenue road. during that evening, while Bulawayo was at his home, one of his family member came and informed him that Kwitisela the one that you fighted with him passed\uc0{\u160} away at the hospital where he went, saying that one of the vein\uc0{\u160} was cut that causes him to lose a lot of blood until he died.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Bulawayo was frustrated, and his family planned for a quick relocation of their son, due to the fear of being jailed. He shifted from Lilongwe to Zomba, where he had an Uncle. When he reached Zomba, after one week he got a call from his home that surprised him. saying that; do you know Tumaini?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Bulawayo replied , yes I know her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Who is she to you? asked his father.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She is my friend}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Do you recognize the pregnancy that she has?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The parents were furious with the behavior of their son, saying that we put you away from the first crime that you are responsible for killing Kwitisela, again you come with another problem of pregnancy.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The family of Tumaini did not let their child there as they did not find Bulawayo in the city. The family of Bulawayo\uc0{\u160} managed the pregnancy, all of what was needed until Tumaini gave birth.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However, the uncle of Bulawayo in Zomba, gave him a job in a goldmine saying that you will be responsible for your fate. Bulawayo did almost three years before he came back to his home. He planned for a day and went with a group of wise men to apologize to all the family where he was mistaken, the family of\uc0{\u160} the deceased Kwitisela, as well as the family of Tumaini.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}