{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy24\hr00\min13\sec30}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy24\hr00\min13\sec30}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The recurring pain of a lover walking away}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 love is something so amazing, but it can be a source of unbearable misery. Love was this amazing experience that was brought into my life but always short lived. I knew the experience of love was never a smooth ride throughout, but I was not prepared for how painful it actually would be. The tears shed, the anger that filled my entire body with hate, the depression, the anxiety of not hearing from him, the panic attacks that would build from these events almost caused me to give up. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t ever imagine what I got myself into until everything went messy. We met in august 2022, at a thanks giving prayer and celebration for a friend who was ordained as a priest.I thought he was a nice guy. On first sight, I felt some connection towards him and thought to myself that if he approach me I would definitely have no reason to say no him but I was not really in the state of mind of just wanting someone to love just yet much as I wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t say no if any nice guy came by. His name was Stanley. He was of an average height, dark skin and very handsome. His humility and calmness intrigued me.I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know that he also had a crush on me. After the thanks Giving event, I went home and continue with my life normally we never got a chance to talk to each other but he was doing a background check on me and fortunately every information he gathered about me impressed him.He later gave me a call and requested for my time so that we could have a conversation, he didn\uc0{\u8217}t reveal his intention to me but I sensed what he was up to but also kept quiet on it. He kept calling me for days and then we planned for a date.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When the day for the date came, I put on my best outfit for the evening. He drove to my house and picked me up and took me to a very nice happening place. everything went on well and I we both had fun, He drove very slowly on our way back home as we converse and in the middle of the conservation he suddenly proposed to me! I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t really shocked because I somehow had seen that coming much as I didn\uc0{\u8217}t expect it at that particular time. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know exactly what to say to him at that time. but then I told him that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want a boyfriend, I need a husband and for a serious relationship then he told me he is not young either and he needed a woman to start a family with and that was exactly what I had always prayed for. I immediately accepted his proposal since we had a common interest.That same evening we had our first kiss since I had already accepted to be his girlfriend and that marked the beginning of our beautiful romantic relationship which unfortunately didn\uc0{\u8217}t last for so long.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everything started really well and I enjoyed every bit of it, we talked on phone everyday for at least three times or more, we video called ourselves everyday, discussed a lot pertaining our relationship and even agreed to make it official by letting our respective families aware of the relationship, We therefore fixed dates to make visits to his family first and thereafter visit my parents too. I was absolutely very excited about everything and I started making all the necessary preparations but when it was just four days to the date of visiting Stanley\uc0{\u8217}s family, I called Stanley to find out out how prepared he was for the visit he told me he was too busy with work and postponed the visits to undefined future date. I broke down on hearing that, felt very disappointed. As if that wasn\uc0{\u8217}t enough, He started avoiding me, cut communication with me telling me he is very busy. I tried to understand him and be patient with him but the situation was getting out of hand. whatever he was doing in relation to me signaled red flag and i was so deeply hurt. And we broke up just like that because he didn\uc0{\u8217}t care about me or whatever I was going through because of him but I decided to let him be since I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t take anymore much as I was willing to fix the things between us.I was `not ok though, I felt so bad. I felt like that was the most difficult time of my life, The hardest blow that I wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t easily get out of. Every day I tried to be positive and told myself its ok but the pain kept striking so hard with endless tears flowing. My friends and family kept consoling me but the moment am alone I just couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help but feel a lot pain in my heart. my heart constantly bled with too much pain because of him, the pain of loosing my lover.Before engaging in romantic affair with Stanley, I had just recovered from a painful breakup with Richard who similarly walked away from me without any clear reason not even argument. And before Richard, I dated Daniel who even introduced me to his mama but also walked away from me without any reasonable disagreement or argument. It somehow became a trend and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t figure out why men would walk away from me without any clear reason.I eventually chose to trust in God and believe that everything happen a for reason and I should always look at the positive side of everything hence that has kept me back on my feet and am happily moving on with my life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}