{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy06\hr18\min22\sec03}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy06\hr18\min22\sec03}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 I have always loved the smell of book covers. Ever since I first learned to read, school and its library were a new refuge for me. The world of each book made me think about it. It was as if I was living every book, it made me happy and sad. They excited me and tired me and finally taught me how to live.I was ten years old when an old book in the corner of the library caught my attention, the legend of mother written by Ali Akbar Bivareh. Usually, books would entertain me for a few days, but that book intrigued me so much that I finished it in one day. At the end of the book, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t stop crying. It was the story of a mother who raised her child alone, but one day when her child was sick, death took her five-year-old child in the clothes of a needy old man. A woman goes on a journey to save her child. By asking the sign of her child from the night, the rose, the lake, and the guardian of the Garden of Eden, and every time she lost something on this path, she pays the price of her child\uc0{\u8217}s address. Her voice to the night, her blood to the flower, her eyes to the lake and finally her hair to the guard. When she finally finds death, Death demanded her heart in exchange for her child\uc0{\u8217}s life again. She even accepted the deaths ask. But the tragic scene was when her child is freed from the clutches of death, the woman does not recognize him anymore, because she does not have a heart to love him. The woman walks like a soulless body and her child cries after her. In fact she had accepted to die instead of her child, but the ending which writer had written for it was so emotional.I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t get over what I had read for several days. My heart was burning for my mother, that is, she was willing to go to this extent for me and my siblings. Beside all these I thought that how cruel the death was. When I combed my hair, it was painful to comb it, and I thought that it must be very difficult to cut it all off and give it to someone else to save the one we love. I thought to myself that I would never be a mother when I grew up. Giving away everything I have must be so terrifying.These days, more than ten years have passed since then, life has turned differently. A child\uc0{\u8217}s nightmare is now the reality of millions of women\uc0{\u8217}s lives. A few days ago, the Taliban declared women\uc0{\u8217}s voices awrat. Before that, our body, then our hair, and finally even our face was awrat (which means that it is a sin if they are seen), and now even our voices. I see my peers who do not have the right to read books. Girls who, like my childhood, never have the right to fall in love with books and experience their world. Women who do not have the right to work and earn, and young girls who have now lost even the right to scream. It is really tragic that going to university for girls is a dream now. These days, I remember the book \uc0{\u8221}Fable of Mother\uc0{\u8221} more, that \uc0{\u8221}Fable\uc0{\u8221} used to be words that could be only imagined, but now I see it scene by scene like a play that is performed exactly according to the original text, and I feel it with all my heart. Women are losing their rights one by one and I see that they are like ghosts of dead bodies that have no soul. Seconds, minutes and hours of another day have not a different meaning for them. The fruitless repetition of continuous breaths with no escape, when they have killed your soul little by little.The sad end of a fairy tale is now the undeniable truth of the women of my land. Children who will cry, will be breastfed and will grow in the arms of a woman who has no soul, from the breast of a mother who has no passion for love and in the lap of a mother who has no ability to nurture. The future mothers of my land will be only lifeless bodies breathing only.The wome of my country are living without knowing the path. They surviving to fight and find life but the deaths everywhere follow them. A sad theatre without any ending.}\par
\sect
}