{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy10\hr07\min41\sec22}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy10\hr07\min41\sec22}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Revelation\uc0{\u8216}I can show you where to find her\uc0{\u8217} said a friend. It did not excite me as much as my friend thought it would. I carry mixed feelings when I reminisce of my experience with Tanya, a girl I had loved mindlessly.Tanya had begrudgingly walked out of the talking stage and whatever plans we had made. She made sure it would be my fault that I had found out what she kept away from the world. I give it to her that during the whole time we were locked down by COVID-19 restrictions, we passionately watched over each other and at all times. Our tabs were always open for the late night conversations and our connection had only grown stronger.Now that I am certain, a thin line separates desire and kindness. I was vexed by how much she showed support to my initiatives and consistently on the front row seat celebrating my strides. The countless notifications popping on my social media platforms had her name dominating the interactions. How would I have dodged that bullet?On those grounds there was every reason to know her better as my gesture to show appreciation. Our back and forth texting built an excitement I had hardly experienced in my early 20s. I bet on my last dollar that many of us have met beautiful people we never wished a day without them in our lives. Tanya was that person. The fact that she also had writing in her wheelhouse sealed my fate.As she played along, we were getting fond of each other despite that she despised calls and my intimate inquiries. The jinx is that, in this part of the world we are programmed to think that boys do the chasing and the routine builds a propensity toward the dating stage.I was smarter to never ask her out. She did well in keeping up with the flirting and accommodating the defiant notoriety partly as a break from the hectic days that came with stress of being stuck in our homes because of a deadly virus. Moons passed and the restrictions were relaxed. At any point the dream to see her was coming to life.All this time, Tanya built a travelling agency and by virtue of being a witness to the hard work she put in I had no more option than attend her first destination. It would be the Green Pool cited in Mutorashanga deep in the province of Mashonaland West, Zimbabwe. My enthusiasm to join this trip met with her nervousness whether the business would succeed making it a worthwhile opportunity to show solidarity.A good turn-out of people in the morning was truly relieving and her excitement turned out to be my joy. As we locked eyes for the first time that day I could still feel her disorientation when we embraced in a short-lived hug. My memory flashed back to the time she had explained that she was touch-deprived in her upbringing on top of the fact that she had kissed a guy only once in her lifetime. It all started to make sense.The day went well in the summer of October as we all had a wonderful time in and out the caves of the mountain bordering the green pool. The journey back to Harare was hyped with one of the best playlists I have heard to this day. The sing along to the music subdued the suspense of how I was going to sneak in a first ever in-person chat with the girl I had travelled for without making me feel too desperate.I allowed all the coordination she had on her shoulders as the event organizer and it meant I was going to be the last person to depart. It was well calculated in the sense that when the day finally ended, Tanya needed a place to rest and she adamantly pressed that she would sleep at the campus. It was late as 1130PM as we waited for omnibuses but in vain. It meant that I had to come up with an alternative which I managed.We got to my friend\uc0{\u8217}s apartment at exactly midnight. Adam Stedall has my back all the time. We found him drunk and hilarious. Not knowing he was drinking off an altercation with his girlfriend. We however felt at home and in no time were in the kitchen getting snacks to feel at home. By then, Tanya was getting comfortable. I was relieved.In that same kitchen we kept checking one another. She prepared butternuts. I stood there with a drink in my hand. Emotions were at baking heat. We both knew there could have never been a better time for closure we had been waiting for. It was going to be regrettable as it is still is now if I had taken advantage of that moment \uc0{\u8216}made in heaven\uc0{\u8217} as I thought.We took the drama further to the sitting room where we would sleep. She bundled herself right next to where I slept and whispered that she needed to tell me something that would break my heart. I immediately redirected the chat.It was like a puzzle piece falling into place. I realized that Tanyaradzwa wasn\uc0{\u8217}t into boys or men at all. The way she spoke about her friends, her passions, her life \uc0{\u8211} it all made sense now. We were awakened by loud shouting from Adam\uc0{\u8217}s bedroom. It was him and his girl still quarrelling. We gossiped about it dissecting the intricacies of romantic relationships with respect to the context of our own situation. Her strong detachment from people of the opposite sex got validated by the incident happening right in our eyes.As soon as it was daylight, a taxi parked outside and I helped carry Tanya\uc0{\u8217}s belongings. It was the last day I saw her. The next thing was a post on her timeline of her coming out to the world that indeed she was queer and unapologetic.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}