{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy16\hr12\min21\sec21}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy16\hr12\min21\sec21}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This week on Tuesday, I took my brother to receive healthcare at Area 18 Health Center in Lilongwe City around 7:00 pm. However, I found everyone complaining about the delay in receiving assistance from the healthcare workers at the facility, especially during the evening hours.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Some individuals who went to seek treatment for various ailments that evening told me that they arrived around 4:00 PM but only started receiving assistance after two hours. In addition to the delay, there were few staff on duty during that same evening, and some essential medications were unavailable.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I went to that hospital because it was near home and my brother had had been involved in a motorbike accident where he had serious injury but I waited for over one hour. When the doctor finally arrived, he simply referred me to Kamuzu Central Hospital, even though there was no available transport such as an ambulance. I had to call Taxi again since it left us at the hospital.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Inside me, I was not happy with how I was treated yet my case was emergency. I went to the hospital\uc0{\u8217}s director, Masamba, and acknowledged the shortage of staff and the lack of some medications. He explained that today\uc0{\u8217}s delay occurred because the health worker who was supposed to be on duty in the evening had asked a colleague to cover for them, but the colleague arrived late.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When we finally arrived at Kamuzu Central Hospital, the experience was completely different. Despite the challenges we faced at the previous facility, the doctors and nurses at Kamuzu Central were incredibly supportive. They immediately attended to my brother, who was still weak from the accident. The medical team quickly assessed the situation, administered the necessary treatment, and reassured me that he would be okay.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Their quick response and expertise were a huge relief after the long and frustrating wait we had endured earlier. I could see the dedication in their work as they carefully monitored my brother\uc0{\u8217}s condition and provided clear instructions on the next steps. We only spent the night at the hospital and they discharged us in the morning around 10:00 am. My brother is now feeling a bit better as the days are passing.}}\par
\sect
}