{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy02\hr10\min37\sec06}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy02\hr10\min37\sec06}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And they never really understood it all}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What it meant to live with a steel blade in your throat}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Trying to rise from the dust, trying to unravel the phoenix within you}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But healing?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It wasn\uc0{\u8217}t and still isn\uc0{\u8217}t an action, it probably will never be}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Healing is a journey, a journey that Nelson Mandela himself would call \uc0{\u8221}a long walk to freedom\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Healing is feeling euphoric this second and feeling like you are ready to throw in the towel the next}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Healing is sleeping because you are not ready to accept reality as it comes but snapping right back up because the sadness still follows you in your dreams!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Healing is trying to understand, making excuses for all the wrong people, pretending the wound doesn\uc0{\u8217}t hurt just to protect the hand that holds the knife.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Healing? More like a rude awakening!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But the idea of an awakening itself doesn\uc0{\u8217}t seem so bad}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It means to give life, to awake from sadness and such is healing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Healing is a roller-coaster of emotions and not all of them are bad, some actually stand to give a glimpse of hope.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Healing?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Healing is waking up some day, a day you would have never imagined and finding your own self convincing your heart and soul that maybe you also deserve happiness!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Its realizing you deserve to be happy but being stuck in an endless maze, not knowing where to start, not knowing what to touch first.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A walk in the park? More like a rude awakening.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Healing is seating yourself down, baring your very inner emotions, leaving your soul naked and void of all inhibitions and letting all the pain break you down}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is allowing your worst fears to consume you fully and make of you what they want because its only after you do that , you get your power back}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a rush, it all comes down to facing your pain, not running away from it, undressing your deepest insecurities and shining them in the light even if it is with a shaky voice and a beating heart}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Easy peezy, lemon squezzy? lt\uc0{\u8217}s nothing less of a rude awakening!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Healing is finally pulling yourself enough to even try to put yourself first, to realize that every time you wrote about the things you loved the most, you wrote nothing about yourself}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Healing is not crying yourself to sleep after milleniums of getting the very air knocked out of you every time you remembered it all.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Healing is finding your soulmate within you, laughing and smiling effortlessly without need to pretend}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Its looking at the broken mess you are and smiling because you are at peace with that mess, revisiting all the dark moments with a light mind and not feeling dead.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Look, its not a stroll in the park, its not easy but this rude awakening? This is the only awakening you\uc0{\u8217}ll want to tell your grand-kids about!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}