{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy27\hr15\min51\sec44}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy27\hr15\min51\sec44}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The silver sharp lanterns were hanging from the trees and everywhere was covered with the white shinny snow. Yet, the snow was coming down like white feathers from the cloudy sky and sat everywhere. Some small sparrows were searching for seeds and shaking their wings that were covered by the snow. And the water was frozen in the water tap in front of the shops. Rarely a car passed the street.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Some shopkeepers were setting next to the window, drinking tea with dark chocolate and looking at the snow view in front of a warm stove. They were admiring and enjoying from the snowy day. The blue, purple, green and pink lights of the shops created a beautiful view outside.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A small boy with a wheelbarrow in his hands selling the chickpea stopped in front of the street. He had a big dish of chickpea, a bottle of white vinegar, dry mint, salt, red chili and green tomato chutney. He put down the wheelbarrow and tried to warm his red hands with his breath but no one came to buy the chickpea.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After an hour he went to the left corner of the street where there was a park with willow trees. They were all white and the snow covered the park\uc0{\u8217}s paving. There was no one in the park and kids did not come to buy the chickpea. The snow blizzard was burning even his bones but he had to sell his dish of chickpea since his parents died in a blast he lived with his uncle \uc0{\u8216}s family. Early mornings, he must wake up to boil the peas and prepare them to sell out through the day. The day was shorter than before soon it was noon.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He came back and knocked on a yellow door. A young angry woman opened the door,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Hurry up! Don\uc0{\u8217}t you see that I am getting cold?\uc0{\u8221} she shouted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The boy took the wheelbarrow and went inside the house. Since the yard was wet covered with Ice and snow he fell down but soon he got up. He put the dish of chickpea inside a small and black kitchen washed his hands and feet and went to a narrow hall. He could hear the laugh and cry of the small kids from the room on the left and went inside the room.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Hello uncle!\uc0{\u8221} the boy said but he did not hear a reply.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A young man with black beard was sitting near a wooden stove and he put some small woods inside the stove. Another young boy was playing with two small kids who had a toy horse. There was a big, black dish on the stove with a teapot that was boiling.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Farhad, how much did you sell today? \uc0{\u8220}asked the man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With a shaking voice the boy said, \uc0{\u8220}uncle there were no customers today and I did not sale the chickpeas.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The man got up and came to him. The boy went back then suddenly the man slapped on Farhad\uc0{\u8217}s face in an angry manner shouted again,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The whole day you had time to sell the chickpeas and now you are making excuses again?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young woman entered the house and said,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Karim I told you that he does not work. He is lazy and he can only eat but he cannot work. For sure he has kept the money and does not want to give us\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The man got really upset and started searching Farhad\uc0{\u8217} wet coat and dresses but he did not find the money.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Let him be out tonight then he understands how to work.\uc0{\u8221} Said the woman and the man pushed Farhad out of the house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Farhad begged them,\uc0{\u8221} please uncle don\uc0{\u8217}t do that. Where should I go now?\uc0{\u8221} But they did not care and threw his wet shoes in front of him out of the house then closed the door. Farhad walked through the street and the wind was blowing on his face. The snow stopped now but a cold wind was blowing outside and taking the snow flax everywhere. He did not know where to go but he walked on the street with crying eyes until he stopped walking and sat next to a wall.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He felt that his heart was getting cold and his feet became motionless still he tried to warm his hands and his feet under the torn and wet shoes. All shops were closed now and everyone went home. There was coldness, snow, darkness and a frozen loneliness in the street. He felt that he was in an icy siege and ice was freezing him both from the sky and the earth.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He reminded his mother who passed away two years ago. He missed the nights that his mother feed him and did not let him to go out when the weather was cold. He reminded the times that she cooked him his delicious and favorite vegetables soup when he had flue and played with him in the park during summer. He reminded the snowy winter nights that she was telling him the stories.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He wished to go into a deep sleep and wake up in a new world with his parents where the coldness and the winter\uc0{\u8217}s wind does not shake him again, in a world that he could not feel the loneliness pain. With his numbness hands he tried to clean his tears and put his head on the wall to go on a sleep that someone took his shoulder. He looked up and saw a man who had a light in his hand,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Son why are you sitting here?\uc0{\u8221} asked the man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I have nowhere to go.\uc0{\u8221} Farhad said and his teeth were crashing to each other, \uc0{\u8220}Lets\uc0{\u8217} go to my place as it is really cold here.\uc0{\u8221} The man said and helped him to stand.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He could hardly stand on his feet while the man gave him his coat and asked him to sit in a white car. Soon the car stopped in front of three floors house. They entered in first floor which was really warm. Farhad could see the man\uc0{\u8217}s face who was wearing the glasses and had a smile. He asked him to sit in front of the warm stove and a woman welcomed him too. After a while they gave him warm clothes and offered him to have dinner with them. Farhad even could not believe it. He was totally surprised.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The man asked him, \uc0{\u8220}where are your parents? Do you have anyone here?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Farhad cried and said, \uc0{\u8220}my parents are no more and I live with my uncle but he pushed me out of the house because I could not sale the chickpeas.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You don\uc0{\u8217}t have to do that son\uc0{\u8221}, said the woman.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And they became silent. After a while the man said, \uc0{\u8220}We also had a son in your age. He had an incurable illness and we lost him one month ago. Tonight, my car suddenly stopped in the street. I came out to look at its engine but it did not have an issue. I wanted to turn on the car that I heard my son who asked me for help. I searched everywhere but he was not there. I thought maybe I am rambling I wanted to go back again I heard his voice and when I came closer I saw you were there.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Continued the man and rubbed his eyes,\uc0{\u8221} I knew that my son called me to help you, so we will be glad if you would like to be a part of our family. After losing our son we feel so lonely and his mother Razia cries all the time.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tears filled Farhad\uc0{\u8217}s eyes, \uc0{\u8220}I would love to be part of your family. You are as kind as angels but what I should I do in return?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The man said, \uc0{\u8220}do good for others till goodness comes to you.\uc0{\u8221} In such a cold winter night, be a hope and a light to the ones who need it. We expect nothing else in return only to help others when you could. Be the one to bring a positive change in someone\uc0{\u8217}s life. Lets\uc0{\u8217} make this world a comfortable and a beautiful place for everyone because the more we help the most we get in return. I do not want you to work now because it is the time that you should focus on your studies after graduation you will get best job offers even you will own a business.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That night Farhad was happy and grateful that God has given him such a kind family, a roof and a warm room. He thought he was lucky enough that he could still breathe; otherwise, he would have frozen to death.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The sun was raised and the snow was melting. The water was flowing down from the lanterns hanging the trees. Shops were opened and the loud speakers were announcing the price of fruits and other items. Some kids were happily making the snowman in the park. A young man sat on a chair. Seemed it was just yesterday for him since that winter night that he had gone through 20 years ago. That was one of the coldest winters in the country that many people \uc0{\u8216}s fingers and feet were cut and many people were killed by the cold that time but he was miraculously survived and that night his destiny was changed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now he had his own import company of different cars, he had a restaurant in front of that park where he had to sell the chickpeas 20 years ago and he always provided extra meals for those kids who had to work on the streets. Still he was thinking about that night when an old, disheveled beggar man with a torn coat, white hair and beard sat next to him on the chair,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}How beautiful is the snowman but so sad that the sun will melt it soon.\uc0{\u8221} said the man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Farhad looked at him and he recognized him. He was his uncle with wrinkled face and a humpbacked neck,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Wished you also had a heart and melt in seeing your own nephew \uc0{\u8216}s suffering and pain. This manmade snowman is lucky that gets melt soon in the world of cruel people like you uncle.\uc0{\u8221} Farhad replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man looked at him deeply and said, \uc0{\u8220}Farhad? Are you alive?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, this is me.\uc0{\u8221} He replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man cried,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Farhad, my son I looked for you everywhere but did not find you. We thought you are dead. I did not think you will leave us that night. I wanted to punish you just for a while I sent you outside the house and when we opened the door we did not find you that night. I am so sorry look I am begging for food now everyone is hungry at home since last night we did not have food to eat. Please forgive us my son.\uc0{\u8221} The old man said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Farhad said, \uc0{\u8220}That night you threw me out of the house just for some money that I could not give you and if my father did not save me I would have become the snowman. But let me tell you something making the snowman and becoming the snowman is completely different you will not understand it unless you spend a night in the cold winter between the snow. Of course, it is not the last winter there will be springs and winters, there will be snow and rain, again and again but what I always remember is that we need to be a real human and help others all the time. \uc0{\u160}Let\uc0{\u8217}s not let the poor ones to become the snowmen during the winter. Let\uc0{\u8217}s shine on them like the sun before the snow blizzard freezes their hearts.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By saying this, Farhad paid him some money and walked away but the old man put down his head and cried silently.}}\par
\sect
}