{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr13\min59\sec50}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy02\hr13\min59\sec50}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 There was a racket in the Salon de Wanja, people were talking in African terms. The junta was chatting, it was a party atmosphere without clutter\uc0{\u8230} Nora was very busy and old Eliza was still watching over the child as she had watched over Wanja\uc0{\u8217}s pregnancy. Koffi quietly sipped his wine. He was accompanied by a young student, also Togolese, a supporter of active non-violence. He was doing his MBA at Nairobi University but he was taking some courses at USAIU\uc0{\u8212}the American University of Nairobi. He planned to go to America one day, he learned meanwhile the \uc0{\u8220}American way of life.\uc0{\u8221} The friction with an American university gave him the opportunity he thought to enlarge his pro-American and anti-terrorist network\uc0{\u8230} he was distressed by the destruction of the American embassies in Dar es Salaam and Nairobi on 8-9-1998 and well sure by the loss of human lives. And why are America and American lives periodically rocked in September-what next, next year? Homer wondered\uc0{\u8230}. Bombings, hurricanes\uc0{\u8230} God save America.Homer kept Koffi company. We spoke French as usual\uc0{\u8230} and often the junta stopped the chatter\uc0{\u8230} to listen to the West African French melody\uc0{\u8230} Koffi gestured to Homer to tell him that it was time to put the word down and leave\uc0{\u8230} one friends of Wanja noticed this and insisted that Koffi have another glass of red wine. There were also all kinds of sweet-smelling foods. It was self service. Wanja had hired for the occasion and for a week, the services of chef Wanyoike, Cordon bleu of the Hotel Six eight to come and prepare for his guests the dishes that are needed in such circumstances\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8220}We are listening to you,\uc0{\u8221} said Suzy to Koffi\uc0{\u8230} the latter hesitated to take the word given by a woman. Homer reassured him\uc0{\u8230} here in such circumstances, it is the women who distribute the floor to the speakers\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8220}Ladies and Gentlemen.\uc0{\u8221} improvised Koffi, and continued in unforgiving English to then leave it to Homer to correctly interpret his speech to say:\uc0{\u8220}I am very happy and proud today to attend the birth of my son Koffi Junior\uc0{\u8230}.\uc0{\u8221} Applause and cries of joy\uc0{\u8230} Wanja was very attentive, very serious too, but still recovering.\uc0{\u8220}It was a chance for me,\uc0{\u8221} continues Koffi, \uc0{\u8220}because with my first wife Aiissatou\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} one of the women of the Junta whispered\uc0{\u8230} a Senegalese\uc0{\u8230}! But Koffi continued unfazed, \uc0{\u8220}we have five daughters with Aiissatou\uc0{\u8230} and I\uc0{\u8217}m starting to age, I\uc0{\u8217}m getting closer to retirement\uc0{\u8230} I was starting to think that I would grow old and disappear without leaving an heir although today\uc0{\u8212}for appease feminists\uc0{\u8212}\uc0{\u8230} daughters acquired inheritance rights\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} screams of joy.\uc0{\u8220}I am very happy to have an heir- Wanja is definitely a lucky woman for me, since I walked with her, I have never had any trouble in my job, I even had promotions\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} applause .\uc0{\u8220}I have no other speeches, I have to go to other obligations here it is at home. Keep the party going, I believe you miss nothing and you won\uc0{\u8217}t miss anything as long as I\uc0{\u8217}m still standing\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} applause\uc0{\u8230} cries of joy\uc0{\u8230} vigelegele, ndelemo\uc0{\u8230}.Koffi sat down a little moved next to Wanja whose face was clearing up. Koffi emptied his glass while thanking Homer for his assistance in the instant translation. Eliza seemed happier than the whole junta of the young generation of beautiful East African women\uc0{\u8230}Barely out, Koffi and Homer heard a song heckled by cries of joy and accompanied by the outline of a few dance steps whose popular refrain is welukamu\uc0{\u8230} u\uc0{\u8230} to say welcome to distinguished guests! Good arrival\uc0{\u8230} This relaxation made Koffi think that his presence had intimidated the women. Old Eliza continued to look at the child as a scholarly woman for signs of resemblance to Koffi\uc0{\u8212}an elegant man neither too slender nor stocky but whose nose was very protruding and perhaps too heavy for his wearer\uc0{\u8230} his estimated weight was at least half a kilo for a man of almost 75kg\uc0{\u8230} this nose ready to smell all the wind in the world, as Bernard Dadier would say\uc0{\u8230} had impressed Eliza and sowed doubt in his projection of Junior in the future when he will be big\uc0{\u8230}!Suzy was very proud of the party. Indeed it was she who had introduced Koffi to Wanja \uc0{\u8220}some time ago.\uc0{\u8221} All the women were convinced that the baby looked too much like Koffi, the eyes, while he slept\uc0{\u8230} the legs\uc0{\u8230} and even the back\uc0{\u8230}! In short, the baby was a photocopy of his father\uc0{\u8230} only the forehead looked like that of Wanja his mother\uc0{\u8230} otherwise it\uc0{\u8217}s all Koffi who entered and left Wanja\uc0{\u8217}s entrails\uc0{\u8230}In the meantime and, to the cries of welukamu..u, welcome, someone knocked on the door. It was an emissary from Mwamba le Traita who came to announce the imminent arrival of the child\uc0{\u8217}s second father\uc0{\u8230} Suzy welcomed the emissary as if it were Mwamba himself\uc0{\u8230} with great respect\uc0{\u8230} this man, the emissary was accompanied by a group of well-dressed young women and small children who all came to see the baby\uc0{\u8230} the team from the day before had also just left. Suzy had no difficulty welcoming the new team and then the living room at Wanja\uc0{\u8217}s was huge, there was room for everyone\uc0{\u8230} While the young women were looking at the child, someone knocked on the door. Suzy was always attentive and wanted to see Mwamba whom she did not know. She only knew that he was a banker\uc0{\u8230}Mwamba was welcomed with all the respect that one owes to the head of the family but he had an ambiguous taciturn demeanor\uc0{\u8230} he was not sure of himself like Koffi the Togolese the other day\uc0{\u8230}The chatter resumed even more\uc0{\u8230} as in such circumstances the hosts distribute a few envelopes to support the activity of their reception\uc0{\u8230} Old Eliza cast a questioning look at Mwamba\uc0{\u8230} his calm impressed her. She was then called upon everywhere very busy, everyone needed her, sometimes in the kitchen\uc0{\u8230} sometimes welcoming new arrivals sometimes whispering with Wanja while taking part in the general chatter.Mwamba gestures to John Kiboro \uc0{\u8211} the big penis in Rwanda \uc0{\u8211} his companion, he looks at the watch and Suzy notices him \uc0{\u8211} she insists that everyone stay for lunch \uc0{\u8211} the midday meal. Mwamba was not drinking alcohol but his friend was having a Smirnoff cocktail\uc0{\u8230} finally the floor was given to Mwamba who made a very brief speech in Swahili and offered some very sober gifts.\uc0{\u8220}Ladies and gentlemen, dear compatriots, I thank you for your warm welcome, for the clear support that you show to Wanjaa, to myself and to the newborn child\uc0{\u8212}which is the fruit of our love\uc0{\u8230} the child\uc0{\u8217}s name is Mwamba junior- we will decide on the first name in the sequel, Wanja and I being of different religions we will wait for him to have the ability to choose his religion and his first name\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}Mwamba had a voice that didn\uc0{\u8217}t carry far, so to listen to it you had to pay a lot of attention. He would have made a good adviser but a very bad preacher\uc0{\u8230} Preaching in Kenya\uc0{\u8212}there is no stupid job\uc0{\u8212}preaching is one of the most flourishing activities of the Juakali sector, the informal sector where entering the market is free. There is therefore no monopoly of the great revealed religions when it comes to announcing the word of God\uc0{\u8230} fortunately Mwamba has had a long career in the Bank \uc0{\u8211} a very calm place\uc0{\u8230}After thanking everyone for coming to rejoice with Wanja, he called Kiboro his aide-de-camp to distribute the gifts. He brought out a huge shield\uc0{\u8212}ngao\uc0{\u8212}which was placed at the bedside of the child\uc0{\u8217}s litter Mwamba Junior\uc0{\u8230} Although there were other guests, Mwamba was visibly intimidated by the female junta\uc0{\u8212}he men who are never comfortable in the presence of women. The junta was busy between the kitchen, the living room and the outside\uc0{\u8230} so much the birth of Junior had attracted good people in the networks of Wanja\uc0{\u8230} The deposit of shield did not cause comment, it meant the birth of a warrior\uc0{\u8230} Mwamba passed basically after announcing that Junior was his first son, even though apparently he was of a certain age, premature baldness, it seems! He swore that this child will have to follow the best schools in the country and that he will not miss Mwamba living on neither butter nor the money for butter. He calmly handed Wanja a check for two hundred thousand Kenyan shillings through his aide and to the astonishment of the folks at wanja\uc0{\u8217}s house and while Mwamba and his aide were enjoying the Smirnoff cocktail, the Protestant banker\uc0{\u8217}s lemonade began to become suspicious. Suzy would have watered her otherwise\uc0{\u8212}to warm up Mwamba, whose calmness was rather intimidating. Mwamba\uc0{\u8217}s change in attitude revealed that he was one of those Protestants by day and Catholics by night, after all the Church of Christ is one and universal. Hallelujah!It was very cold at that time\uc0{\u8212}a cold that makes the softest buttocks harden, commented one of the young women\uc0{\u8230} Suzy, the activity leader and Wanja\uc0{\u8217}s closest friend. While Mwamba beckoned Kiboro to come in, someone knocked\uc0{\u8230} It was Amani who recognized Mwamba his banker then the Reggaeman slipped away\uc0{\u8230} a long moment of whispering then Mwamba spoke up to say that he and his aide Kiboro had other obligations- he thanked everyone, kissed Wanjaa, stroked Junior\uc0{\u8217}s forehead in his crib before leaving as he had come\uc0{\u8230} without an heir\uc0{\u8230}!Eliza\uc0{\u8217}s tender gaze barely concealed her concerns\uc0{\u8230} In the end, to whom does this child belong who is venerated as a new redeemer, like the Three Kings and the time of the nativity? Should he be hidden and protected from the dictator of the moment, Eliza wondered\uc0{\u8230}Eliza was visibly intrigued by the declarations of the two pretenders to a son\uc0{\u8230} Koffi the Togolese who was called Anna and Mwamba the taciturn\uc0{\u8230} It was in the meantime that an emissary from the raggeman came to announce that the tent was erected, it ready, we had to \uc0{\u8220}get the child out\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8230}In Amani\uc0{\u8217}s intention, the presentation of the gifts and the speech for the occasion will be held in the open air, the child and the distinguished guests will be under tents because he had invited Hoza\uc0{\u8212}the international ballet maintained by the Hutu refugees from Nairobi\uc0{\u8212}then led by a certain Kagoro son of Seka this son of Gororoka. Kagoro\uc0{\u8217}s symphonic voice had become legendary in Rwanda and all over the world\uc0{\u8230} the men from Wanja joined Kaparo the caretaker and Modeste the emissary of the raggeaman to prepare the place where the ceremony will be held the next day when the child is going to leave . It was the first time that we saw Wanja\uc0{\u8217}s face light up since her deliverance\uc0{\u8230} and during her convalescence\uc0{\u8230}The weather was fine that day, the sun had an appointment with Junior, Wanja\uc0{\u8217}s son. Eliza still watched over the venerable child and continued to observe the signs of resemblance of the two suitors a son\uc0{\u8212}while ignoring the declarations of a third suitor\uc0{\u8212}last in, first out? Everything was ready and in place. The indefatigable Suzy had arranged everything and then Wanyoiike the cordon bleu from Six eight Hotel was still there\uc0{\u8230} the self-service pots had been moved from Wanja\uc0{\u8217}s house to the annex of the tent stand which housed the guests of Wanja, from the reggeman and from junior, the child who had become mysterious in Eliza\uc0{\u8217}s eyes\uc0{\u8230} everyone was relaxed, the reggeman couldn\uc0{\u8217}t hide his emotion\uc0{\u8230} and Wanja wore a smile of happiness\uc0{\u8230} Wanja was one of those women East Africans with bewitching grace,She was seated near the Rwandan called Raggeman, she observed with jubilation the exhibition of the Intore Hutu dancers from the ballet of Kagoro, son of Seka, son of Gororoka. The ballet had come from Kayole to Buruburu center\uc0{\u8230} then the women were whispering, murmuring, bursting out laughing\uc0{\u8230} and applauding\uc0{\u8230}T\uc0{\u233}borah had told other women what she had heard about the performance of the Raggerman\uc0{\u8230} it seems that when a man has an atrophied leg his penis becomes more interesting and more vigorous, having recovered the strength that the leg has lost\uc0{\u8230} because in nature \uc0{\u8220}nothing is lost, nothing is created\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8230}! burst of laughter\uc0{\u8230} but quickly stifled\uc0{\u8230} because Suzy held and ensured that the ceremony took place in discipline. She learned from Wanja that despite the generosity of Koffi and Mwamba, the child belonged to Alois, the permanent worker, the Rwandan Stakhanov! The other lovers only fired sporadically\uc0{\u8230} weeding!As the reception began, after the first round of self-service, when everyone was in place and in tune with the party\uc0{\u8230} Suzy invited Joseph Alois Amani to speak\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8220}My dear friends\uc0{\u8230} peace be with you\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} applause cries of joy\uc0{\u8230} Amani was surprised by his popularity but what did he know? It was Eliza or Liza who could compare her welcome to that of two previous suitors for a son. She began to detect the signs of resemblance of the Raggerman and Junior\uc0{\u8230}! But the Raggerman\uc0{\u8217}s gait intrigued him; while Junior will wait a long time for his first steps\uc0{\u8230} The hesitant step is nothing, Liza said to herself in a country where everything is possible like in Kenya and the USA\uc0{\u8230} a blind man can give birth to a pilot\uc0{\u8230} disability is never a congenital defect.Aloys Amani\uc0{\u8217}s speech was interrupted by applause by cries of joy\uc0{\u8230} that he was obliged to take his place and chat a little with Wanja\uc0{\u8230} He was inviting Kaparo for some consultations\uc0{\u8230} Suzy interrupted an intimate conversation of Wanja and d\uc0{\u8217}Aloys and invited him to speak again and continue his speech\uc0{\u8230} He took a few steps towards the front of the platform, applause\uc0{\u8230} followed by a more serious attitude from the crowd of Wanja\uc0{\u8217}s friends to listen the pathetic voice of the Raggerman.. Irh\uc0{\u8230} im\uc0{\u8230} he cleared his voice and then said:\uc0{\u8220}As you know Ladies and Gentlemen, I am a Rwandan refugee, all the members of the International Hoza ballet\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8212}which means hoza umwana: console the child\uc0{\u8212}the woman who was called Mwendwa shed a tear of tenderness\uc0{\u8230} \uc0{\u8220}all these members of Hoza,\uc0{\u8221} continued Aloys moved\uc0{\u8230} \uc0{\u8220}you see young children and especially young girls\uc0{\u8212}are Hutus who fled the war of destruction\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} someone whispered\uc0{\u8230} dilenda Rwanda\uc0{\u8230}! and asked a neighbor why it was necessary to destroy Rwanda? Listen to Aloys.\uc0{\u8220}We had lived in peace since the October 1959 revolution\uc0{\u8230} peace is the soul of the bahutu\uc0{\u8230} yes peace\uc0{\u8230} it is our soul\uc0{\u8230} it has been disturbed by the war of the weak\uc0{\u8230} which could only lead to collective suicide.\uc0{\u8220}I thank you on behalf of my compatriots for the welcome extended to us by the entire Kenyan people.\uc0{\u8221} Applause\uc0{\u8230} \uc0{\u8220}and then I wanted to tell you that President Daniel Toroitich Arap Moi defended us body and soul\uc0{\u8230} until we were integrated\uc0{\u8230} today we enjoy social peace despite the economic difficulties that weigh us down in the same way that all of you\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}When Aloys approached the chapter of the discrimination operated against the Hutu by the agencies in charge of the assistance to the refugees, Mwendwa almost fainted but Suzy watched\uc0{\u8230} All the faces were tense and the women were no longer talking\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8220}Excuse me for the digression. I hope you excuse me\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8220}The purpose of our meeting here is to share the joy with our friend Wanja and to give a name to the child who was born under our roof\uc0{\u8230} I ask you to raise your glasses\uc0{\u8230} the child calls Amani Junior\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} Applause, cries of joy\uc0{\u8230} heckling, whispering resumed even more\uc0{\u8230} then the ballet resumed a few presentations\uc0{\u8230}Long after\uc0{\u8230} Suzy asked Amani if \uc0{\u8203}\uc0{\u8203}he had anything more to say\uc0{\u8230} to add instead\uc0{\u8230}Aloys stood up, took a few steps forward\uc0{\u8230} and said\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8220}Be like Hutu, be like us, love peace\uc0{\u8230} be women and men of peace\uc0{\u8230} you have seen, we dance with arms in hand\uc0{\u8212}spears and shields\uc0{\u8212}but we do not hurt each other\uc0{\u8230} and we let\uc0{\u8217}s not hurt anyone unless we are attacked\uc0{\u8230} long live the republic of Rwanda free from ethnic hatred, long live the sister republic of Kenya\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} Applause\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8220}Long live Kenya, the cradle of humanity\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}\par
\sect
}