{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy11\hr16\min21\sec27}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy11\hr16\min21\sec27}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Throughout December, unspeakable war crimes specifically targeting the Nuer ethnic group were committed in Juba, the capital of South Sudan. These included massacres, rapes, executions, and other crimes against humanity. Succeeding this act of atrocity was unprecedented armed violence that engulfed the Nuer stronghold of the Upper Nile Region of\uc0{\u160} Unity, Jonglei, and the Upper Nile state by the third week of December. Soldiers aided by tribal militia led uprisings in retaliation against the Juba-led government. Many civilians, primarily from the Dinka ethnic group in the region were targeted and killed. Their tragic and innocent deaths, orchestrated by the Nuer tribal armed groups and warlords, only befell them because they were Dinka, just as the Nuer died at the hands of the Dinka tribal killers in Juba. As the violence raged, the country recorded countless insurgencies across many states, and the civilian population paid the price. Civilians trying to escape were killed, harassed, or their belongings were looted on the highways. It wasn\uc0{\u8217}t safe to flee the war, but it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t safe to stay home either.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At the end of January, international pressure mounted on both sides of the warring parties. The government of South Sudan and the rebels signed a ceasefire agreement, the first step in ending the ethnically motivated violence that had already killed thousands of people. This reduced the mass killings in the capital Juba and the rebel besieged territories. In the last of January, a record high of South Sudanese refugees poured into the neighboring countries of Uganda, Kenya, and Ethiopia. Each day, previously recorded numbers were surpassed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Since the outbreak of the war, the Juba Nuer residents\uc0{\u8212}the main target in the capital\uc0{\u8212}were unable to cross to the neighboring countries of Uganda and Kenya like the other sixty-three tribes. But with the ceasefire in place, an exodus of Nuer women, children, and elderly people overwhelmed the Uganda and Kenya borders.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I left for Kenya with my nephew\uc0{\u8217}s family in January 2013. My nephew, cousin, and uncles couldn\uc0{\u8217}t join us. Their Nuer tribal scarification meant they had their deaths written on their faces. They might have stood a chance if they spoke the Dinka language and claimed that they hailed from Duk Padiet, a geographical area inhabited by a Dinka sub-group who fluently speak the Nuer language and have their foreheads cut just like the Nuers, but unfortunately, none of them could speak Dinka. We left them at the UNMISS Camp.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As our crammed twenty-four-seat minibus drove down to Customs via Bilpam military barracks, I witnessed the ghoulish face of Juba for the first time since I fled to the UNMISS IDP CAMP. The confused eyes of distressed women and children who walked the streets of Juba mirrored the despair of war. The ever-busy customs market, which used to burst with all kinds of goods from Uganda, was looted by war. The Ugandan, Kenyan, and Congolese roadside hawkers of second-hand goods, the roadside preachers preaching in the heat of the Juba sun\uc0{\u8212}everything was gone. Juba was decapitated: the narrow streets which once bustled with cars now seemed wide and empty. Frightening fleets of military pick-ups with gun-carrying soldiers were the major traffic crisscrossing the city.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When our driver stopped at the Custom fuel station, we kept the windows closed and locked the door, breathing heavily in fear, gulping thin air. It took the driver about ten minutes to fill the fuel tank and place an extra spare tire in the boot. Then he jumped to his seat and we resumed our journey. We felt relief that no harm had found us standing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He strategically drove us through dusty, narrow roads to avoid the intercity checkpoints, which were turned into searching and killing stations. After crossing the Juba Bridge, we headed to the last city outskirt checkpoint located in Gumbo. It was a notorious and inescapable military gunpoint that had been the scene of frequent killings. The sky above us was dotted with vultures, and as we drove closer, the air grew thick with the faint stench of people killed, thrown away, and unburied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We were shocked to drive by a group of people gathered beside a minibus from the UNMISS Camp parked on the edge of the road. \uc0{\u160}A South Sudanese soldier in dark green khaki pointed his gun at us, trying to flag our car down. A wave of goosebumps ran sharply through my body. Sensing danger, our driver accelerated to the highest speed and we escaped. If this had happened some weeks earlier, the minibus would have been perforated with bullets. Luckily, we escaped safely.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We continued through the undulating grasslands and shrubs of the Eastern Equatoria state. Despite some military clashes, it was peaceful; there were no recent records of civilians killed on its high to Kenya. The tranquility of the landscape contrasted with the turmoil we had left behind.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a long drive, we reached Torit at 8 pm. The state\uc0{\u8217}s capital was a welcome sight. We stopped to eat some local food and then pressed on under the cover of night, driving until the first light of daybreak painted the sky grey, eventually giving way to the blazing South Sudanese summer sun.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We arrived in Kapoeta, a county close to the Kenyan border in the early morning hours. Our destination was Nadapal, a village just across the border. From there, we hoped to make our way to Kakuma. We wanted to arrive earlier to catch up with the humanitarian trucks in the afternoon and promptly cross to Kenya but our minibus was too old to negotiate the untarred roads filled with bumps, potholes, and crossing cattle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We reached Nadapal in the late afternoon, disembarked the minibus, and put our few belongings under a Lalob tree. Then we marched into the South Sudanese border post office, a building block surrounded by many grass-thatched shelters. We queued in a long line for registration at the immigration office. The purpose of the registration was to keep a record of the massive outflow from the country. We had to write down our names, places of origin, ages, and dates on a form that cost us 200 Kenyan Shillings per sheet. The officers used Kenyan currency as well as their own. We had converted the little money we had into Kenyan Shillings in Kapoeta because we heard the exchange rate was lower at the border. Next, our photos were captured for 100 Kenyan Shillings and attached to the forms. The forms were our identification for the next day when trucks would take us to the Refugee Camp in Kenya.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our late arrival, compounded by the lengthy bureaucratic procedure for crossing the border, had pushed the time up to 5 P.M. By then, all the trucks had left and we had nowhere to sleep. Gracefully a Nuer military commander offered us shelter in his home by the border for the night. His home had been a haven for South Sudanese refugees who got stranded at the border. He provided us with mats and blankets. Owing to the South Sudanese relentless January heat, we laid our weary bodies to rest under a vast, glittering sky that was as stainless as the sky above my home village. The grass-thatched, half-fenced compound barely provided a sense of security and privacy. Lying on my back, I reflected on the happy moments of freedom, of the chaos of fleeing home. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t make sense of all of them; it was indeed the strange face of my country.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We talked about the dangerous journey we had traveled; through luck and generosity. Our friend Roam who was in the roadside bus besieged by the soldiers at the scene we escaped shared his tale with us.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160} He told us that the soldiers pulled him out of the bus as he was the only Nuer-looking man in the minibus with desperate women, elderly, children, and two young men sitting at the door. They made him sit by the roadside and interrogated him about his ethnicity. Although Roam is a strikingly tall man, which could betray that he might be Nuer, his face bore no Nuer facial scarification. So, he cleverly lied to belong to the Madi tribe, a small ethnic group within central Equatoria. One of the soldiers greeted him in Bari, and he responded, after which the soldier replied, but luckily for Roam, the soldier couldn\uc0{\u8217}t speak Bari beyond superficial greetings. Roam told us that as they let him go, one of the soldiers butted his butt with the nozzle of the AK-47 and muttered, \uc0{\u8220}Gena aram da, da gena vita Nuer,\uc0{\u8221} this son of a thief is a Nuer son.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That evening, I imagined myself as Roam, being made to sit down while my face underwent inspection by the soldiers who pointed their guns at me, about to pull the trigger if they spotted a single line on my forehead. Years ago, I was tempted to undergo another round of traditional marking after my initial marking left invisible scars on my forehead. Though I had no interest in undergoing the brutal tribal marking, the village community pressured me, saying these marks define a man. The clan girls were particularly insistent, they believed a girl could only fall in love with a man bearing\uc0{\u160} Nuer marks. Even though the marks were not beautiful, they were the culture and they were necessary. They were a man\uc0{\u8217}s identity, a sign of his bravery; they proved he wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t bow under hardship, and he wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t cry or get emotional. In short, they signified an uncompromisable, hard-line man. Nobody anticipated that those marks would become identifiers for mass killings. Had I surrendered to the second traditional marking, I might have remained at the UNMISS camp, However, I escaped the pressure to school in 2007 instead.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next morning, as the sun rose above a mountain ridge on the Kenyan side, we packed our belongings. The border crossing was a business opportunity for matatu owners. They exploited people desperate for safety, like our family. We could only afford the children\uc0{\u8217}s transport. Defying the advice of immigration staff and the pressure of matatu drivers who asked for money we didn\uc0{\u8217}t have, we carried our belongings on our heads and trudged through the shrubs and muddy roads on foot. Upon reaching the Kenyan border post, we were met with hostility from the police, who considered us a security threat. They only allowed us entry when a generous woman offered a handshake to one of the bosses. The officer buckled his hand to his breast pocket with a broad smile and said, \uc0{\u8220}Musudanese,\uc0{\u8221} stop being stubborn.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the afternoon, the trucks finally arrived. Aid workers gave us biscuits for lunch, and crammed us into the trucks. It was an uncomfortable journey on a muddy road filled with holes. A fight nearly broke out when a young man stepped on a girl\uc0{\u8217}s knee. When she complained, he insulted her in Dinka, unaware that the Nuer girl understood Dinka. The intensity tightened, splitting us into factions ready for a physical confrontation. Then the truck halted abruptly, and the driver and two staff members in the front seats warned us that we would be arrested if the escalation continued. We kept quiet, but the girl kept saying, \uc0{\u8220}Why can he fuck me?\uc0{\u8221} The insult in Dinka was a loose interpretation of \uc0{\u8221}fuck you\uc0{\u8221} in English.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Along the way, the girl and her antagonist ironed out their differences and ended up laughing together in a friendly conversation in Dinka. Their peaceful reconciliation engrossed the rest of us in conversation; we started in English, shifted to Nuer, and stumbled into Dinka as well, which some of us spoke. We talked about the Dinka and the Nuer traditional marriage, rituals, dances, songs, and the beautiful cattle owned by each tribe. Most Dinka passengers were from Bor and connected to us. Our conversation continued throughout the bumpy drive until we reached a tarred road to Lokichoggio (or \uc0{\u8216}Loki\uc0{\u8217} for short), a shanty town about an hour from the Nadapal border.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We passed by the airport at Lokichoggio with its runway almost touching the road. Loki didn\uc0{\u8217}t match the vivid childhood memories I had of it as a legendary city. Long ago when we were growing up, relatives who got wounded in Sudan\uc0{\u8217}s civil war and the inter and intra-tribal conflicts were flown here for treatment. We said they were taken to heaven because they were mostly transported by airplane.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At about 7 pm, the tarmac road that guided us from Loki turned into a dirt road. Fortunately, it didn\uc0{\u8217}t have many bumps and holes. As we drove, the gleaming towering lamps at Kakuma Refugee Camp in the distance came into view.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We entered our destination a bit after 7 pm. Upon disembarking, we were ushered into an open space behind a block building. Two ladies embroidered in blue jackets with the UNHCR logo came forward to allocate us a sleeping area. One of them took tiny steps to outline a rectangle in the sand, marking our spot, while the other handed us blankets and mats. They were kind; they felt sorry we fled our country, for our difficult journeys, for arriving late, and for having to sleep outside. The lady who allocated the sleeping space stayed with us. She spoke English very well, so those of us who had English schooling could communicate with her. We felt comfortable and safe with her. She tried her best to interact with the women from our group who had spread their mats and blankets already as well, but unfortunately, they couldn\uc0{\u8217}t speak English; none of them had gone to school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The UNHCR lady showed us the water tap, the bathrooms, and where we could collect our first rations of maize, corn, and beans. However, we had to get a meal first. The feeding station was an open kitchen on the east side of the reception area. Smoke billowed around a big cooking pot on a smouldering log fire. A strange woman took a plate from a stack, scooped an enormous portion of maize corn and bean into it, and then handed us the plates one by one. We carried our family food to our sleeping areas where our mats and blankets were spread on the ground. After eating, we fell asleep, the fatigue of our journey weighing heavily on our eyelids.}}\par
\sect
}