{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy16\hr15\min36\sec42}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy16\hr15\min36\sec42}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was already midnight, and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t sleep. The note kept bothering me. \uc0{\u8221}Meet me in the old Eucalyptus tree at midnight to learn the truth.\uc0{\u8221} Who wrote it? And what truth did they want to reveal?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I decided to sneak out and find out. The old Eucalyptus tree was located in an abandoned corner of the school grounds, far from the dormitories. I had to be careful not to get caught by the teachers or the prefects.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I approached the tree, I saw a figure standing in front of me in the dark. With my hands shaking with fear, I flashed my torch light at it. \uc0{\u8220}Wheww \uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}, a huge sigh of relief escaped my mouth. It was the mysterious girl from the hallway, the one who had warned me to \uc0{\u8221}get out while you still can.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What do you want from me?\uc0{\u8221} I asked, trying to sound brave.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I am Emily Kate. I want to show you the truth,\uc0{\u8221} she said, her eyes gleaming with a lot of brightness. \uc0{\u8221}Follow me.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And with that, she led me on with a quick run across the school grounds, dodging teachers and prefects along the way. We finally ended up in a hidden corner of the old school library.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As we entered the library,\uc0{\u160} I started looking around the dusty room. At the left side of the room, my torch light landed on a large mirror hanging on the wall.\uc0{\u160} But something about the mirror seemed off. The reflection didn\uc0{\u8217}t quite match the room\uc0{\u8230}and then I saw it. A small, hidden compartment in the frame.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What\uc0{\u8217}s this?\uc0{\u8221} I asked Emily, pointing to the compartment.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know,\uc0{\u8221} she replied, her eyes wide with curiosity. \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}ve never seen that before.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I opened the compartment, and inside, I found a small, leather-covered book. The pages were filled with strange symbols and diagrams.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I held the book, I felt drawn to the old eucalyptus tree outside. Its branches seemed to be reaching out to me, calling me to come closer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Emily, I think we need to go outside,\uc0{\u8221} I said, my voice barely above a whisper.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We walked up to the tree, and I noticed something really strange. The bark was rough and had deep lines. And in the center of its\uc0{\u160} trunk, a small symbol was curved out.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What does it mean?\uc0{\u8221} Emily asked, her eyes wide with wonder.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I shook my head. \uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know, but I think it\uc0{\u8217}s trying to tell us something.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As we examined the symbol, the wind picked up, and the leaves of the eucalyptus tree began to rustle. It was as if the tree was trying to communicate with us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Suddenly, a piece of paper fell from the tree\uc0{\u8217}s branches, falling slowly to the ground. I picked it up, and it was an old photograph. A picture of a student, standing in front of the same eucalyptus tree.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But there was something strange about the photo. The student was wearing a uniform from a different era. And the tree looked different, too. Much younger.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As we gazed at the old photograph, the wind picked up again with the leaves of the eucalyptus tree rustling louder than before. Suddenly, a faint whisper seemed to carry on the wind, sending chills down our spines.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What was that?\uc0{\u8221} Emily asked, her voice barely audible.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I shook my head, my heart racing. \uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know, but I think we\uc0{\u8217}re getting close to something.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And then, we saw it. A faint name, curved into the bark of the tree. A name that made our blood run cold.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Abigail Kanaan,\uc0{\u8221} I whispered, my eyes fixed on the name.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Emily\uc0{\u8217}s eyes widened. \uc0{\u8221}The missing student from all those years ago\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As we were both lost in our own thoughts, we heard the sound of footsteps, echoing from the direction of the abandoned wing in the school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Someone\uc0{\u8217}s coming,\uc0{\u8221} Emily whispered, her eyes wide with fear.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And with that, we froze, waiting to see \uc0{\u8220}who\uc0{\u8221} or \uc0{\u8220}what\uc0{\u8221} was approaching.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}