{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy07\hr16\min26\sec42}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy07\hr16\min26\sec42}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Finally, I found the house I wanted: a not-so-modern three-floor apartment with a beautiful view of the city, located in a quiet neighborhood. I am going to start my new life on the second floor of this apartment. I am very excited and looking forward to welcoming my new life. I have two neighbors in this apartment. As the landlord said, a family of four lives on the third floor of the apartment, as if they had gone to their village for a vacation. On the first floor, a couple lives who have been married for only a few months. I know that the name of the husband is Farhad. The landlord addressed him when he showed his house to me. I guess they are not at home either. Despite all the noise that the workers made when lifting equipment on the stairs, no one came out to protest or welcome their new neighbor. This is a great opportunity to visit all parts of the apartment. I brew saffron tea for myself, walk down the stairs that are smaller than the standard, and reach the yard. All corners of the yard are full of small gardens decorated with lily and narcissus flowers. What could be more enjoyable than that? A cup of saffron tea, the beauty of flowers and their pleasant smell on a spring evening, in my own home. How I love this excitement that prompts me to live. It does not take more than a few minutes that the creaking sound of a window as if it has not been oiled in a long time, disturbs the silence I get used to. I do not pay attention because I do not want anything to interrupt the happy moments that I am experiencing. But a strange feeling has taken away all my peace. I feel like someone is peeping at me somewhere, and it bothers me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As soon as I turn my head, I see his face: a pair of black eyes in a face as white as a sheet. A man is looking directly at me from behind an open window on the first floor. He is looking at me as if he is thinking \uc0{\u8220}Where did this intruder come from?\uc0{\u8221} I get up and greet him in confusion, \uc0{\u8220}Hello! How are you? I am Marwa, your new neighbor.\uc0{\u8221}I}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 have not yet finished my last sentence, when the man\uc0{\u8217}s face, as suddenly as it appeared, disappears behind the window as he closes it. I am still in shock because till a few moments ago, I thought that I was the only person in the apartment. But now a scowler man has been found, who I think was in the apartment from the beginning. I do not want to think about it. I have lots of work to do. I am going to be busy cleaning the living room and kitchen until late, so it is better to hurry. I start my work and get so busy that I do not notice the passing of time at all. Several hours have passed, and now it is almost midnight. I am tired and just want to sleep, but I cannot. I have been trying to sleep for hours. I keep my eyes closed hoping that I fall asleep.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I hear a sound: a loud sound of something hitting the ground. I get up and sit in my bed. My heart is pounding very fast. I look at the clock that shows two and twenty-five minutes after midnight. I hear the same sound again and feel the room\uc0{\u8217}s floor shaking. The sound is undoubtedly coming from downstairs. But what is this sound of? Despite being very scared, I put my ear on the ground to make sure that the sound is coming from below. I hear something hit the ground again. This time I can make out what the sound is. It is as if someone is hitting a metal object on the ground with all strength. I get up from the floor and notice the deep breath I take; my hands are shaking. I sit in a corner of the room and hear the same ear-splitting sound again. \uc0{\u8220}What is going on down there?\uc0{\u8221} I whisper. I keep listening to this sound to stop, but it does not. I am slowly falling asleep. When I wake up, before I open my eyes, I use my ear. That voice is no more. I do not know when I fell asleep, and how many hours I slept. The clock shows six and ten minutes in the morning. My heart is still restless, but whatever was is passed. I get ready to go out and shop for the house. I have nothing in the fridge, and I am very hungry. When I return home, I see my neighbor who is in the hallway and is dragging a large wooden box on the ground. I know from his confusion when he drops the box that I scared him. I put the plastic shopping bags on the floor and take the box without him asking me to help him carry it. Mr. Farhad makes a roar that scares me, \uc0{\u8220}Did I ask you for help? I do not want you to help me.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I leave the box and step back. My eyes fall on the door of the house which is half-opened. I can see some parts of the house. I notice the mess inside. Suddenly my eyes hit something else. In the middle of the room in front of the door, I see a pit. Why should someone dig such a big pit on the floor? I remember the sound that came from downstairs last night. Does it mean that sound belonged to the digging of this pit? Mr. Farhad\uc0{\u8217}s voice breaks my train of thought, \uc0{\u8220}I said I do not want help.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Without saying anything, I pick up the plastics and go home. I close the door and wait a few moments for my breath to become normal. Then I put the plastics in the kitchen. What else is this? I raise my hand and notice a red liquid on it. Where did this blood come from? There is no scar on my hand. I can confidently say that this is not my blood. The thought of whose blood is on my hand drives me crazy. I wash my hands several times and sit in the corner of the kitchen. The idea of who or what was in that box overwhelms me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hours pass with worry. The absolute silence of the apartment is broken by the sound of the door closure. The sound came from downstairs. Mr. Farhad must have left the apartment. The sense of curiosity aroused in me. I open the door and walk slowly down the stairs. When I reach downstairs, I notice that Mr. Farhad has left the door of his house open, and there is no sign of him. I am very curious to know what is going on in this house. I enter the house cautiously. It is almost night and everywhere is dark. At first, I see everything as black as tar. It takes a while for my eyes to get used to the darkness. I walk in with slow steps and suddenly the door closes. Someone closed the door. I hear the sound of the door being locked. I grab the door and shout, \uc0{\u8220}Help! Who closed the door? Can anyone hear me? Help!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I think it is useless. The one who closed the door does not intend to open it. My heart is beating fast, and this makes me sure that I am very scared. I look around the house to see if I can find an escape route. But there is no escape. The windows have shelters, and I cannot run away from them. My eyes hit the room where I saw the pit in the morning. Maybe I can find something there. I stretch my trembling hand toward the door\uc0{\u8217}s handle and open the door. Seeing that scene, my legs become weak, and I lean on the door to keep my balance. I find the box that I saw in the morning in a corner of the room in an open state. But that is not what scared me. A blue woman\uc0{\u8217}s shawl hangs on the edge of the box. The shawl is full of blood. On the other side of the room, I see that pit with a pickaxe lying on the ground next to it. Now this pit is filled with soil, and there are full of lily and narcissus flowers of the yard on it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Strange thoughts run through my head. The first is that this is a grave. Now I am more determined than before to escape. But how? I leave the room quickly. Next to the wall in the living room, there is a table that attracts my attention. I see some photos on the table. It is a photo of a bride and groom staring at the camera. I recognize the groom\uc0{\u8217}s face immediately. They are Mr. Farhad and his wife. I remember that I had not seen Mr. Farhad\uc0{\u8217}s wife at all in these two days. At this time, the door opens, and Mr. Farhad steps into the house. He looks angry. Without hesitation, I begin to plead, \uc0{\u8220}Please let me go!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr. Farhad finally says, \uc0{\u8221}You saw things you shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t have seen.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I promise not to tell anyone. I have not seen anything at all.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I notice that in Mr. Farhad\uc0{\u8217}s right hand is a big knife with dried drops of blood on it. He comes closer and says, \uc0{\u8220}Why are you in a hurry? Don\uc0{\u8217}t you want to know whose grave this is?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I tremble in fear; what I guessed is right.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No, I just want to get out of here.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He begins to speak in a shaky voice, \uc0{\u8220}She did not love me from the beginning of our marriage. Her parents forced her to marry me. She did not want to marry me. But I loved her. I still love her.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now I can hear his sobbing. \uc0{\u8220}She wanted to separate from me. But I did not want to divorce her. I did not want it to happen. I just wanted to frighten her. I just wanted to stop her from her decision. She had packed her things and wanted to leave me forever. I followed her to the parking lot to stop her, but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t. I was very angry. When I came to myself, I saw that she was lying in a corner in the middle of blood, and a knife in my hand which my wife\uc0{\u8217}s blood was dripping from.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Not knowing what to say or what to do, I continue to listen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t take her body out after you and those annoying workers were found. Later, I thought of buying her here. I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to alienate my wife. I want her to always be close to me, in this house.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The knife falls from Mr. Feahad\uc0{\u8217}s hand on the ground, and he starts crying loudly. He continues with a slight stammer, \uc0{\u8220}Now I feel that a burden has been lifted from my shoulders. I am unable to make a decision. On the one hand, I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to be separated from her, and on the other hand, I can\uc0{\u8217}t live under the burden of this sin. You can save me from this torment. You decide how I will spend the rest of my life, and what will happen to me.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He gets up and opens the door. \uc0{\u8220}Go! The freedom! Go and do whatever you think is right.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At first, I think he is lying, but when I approach the door, and he does not budge, I start running. I run to the alley with all my strength and get away from that house as far as I can. It is already night. I do not know where I am going and how many minutes I have been running. When I want to pass the street, I face a police patrol. A policeman gets out of the car. He sees the fear in my face.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What happened girl? Why are you so scared? Is there any problem?\uc0{\u8221} He says gently.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I hear the voice of Mr. Farhad who said, \uc0{\u8220}You decide how I will spend the rest of my life.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am still staring at the police and lost in my thoughts.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}