{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy10\hr21\min38\sec58}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy10\hr21\min38\sec58}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In 1993, in Nguzo village where I was married and its surroundings ,war erupted.The tabu rebel group and the mavuto ruling party confronted each other regularly. At that time, the rebels of the tabu group were greatly reduced in number while the national soldiers, the Mavuto were very numerous. The Tabu rebels started to come into villages to forcibly recruit Young men and all male adults to join them in fighting; those who insisted not to join them were killed right away. My village, being a nearby village, there were no rebels yet who invaded the village for recruitment, but we knew that they would come one day. My husband, Ndaga and I were frightened to hear from many people in the nearby villages that many individuals who joined were losing their lives during both the rebels\uc0{\u8217} training, and the fight.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, the rebels in their recruitment process came to recruit in the surrounding villages near the village where I was married. They collected all young and adult male individuals, leaving behind women,girls and children. As I visited Dada, one of my friends in the village next to mine, I found her and her helpless three children in tears. Tears dropped down from my cheeks too, but I wiped my eyes with my dress and gently touched Dada\uc0{\u8217}s shoulder. I said: \uc0{\u8221} Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry, Dada, your husband will be safe.\uc0{\u8221} But my words made her cry more, so I hugged her tightly. She said:\uc0{\u8221} No, Besty,I will miss my husband ,he will die in war!\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I told her:\uc0{\u8221} No, Dada, God will protect him.\uc0{\u8221} She looked at me and nodded her head in agreement.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Time marched on, I left Dada and her children in their uncomfortable situation and went home. I prepared a small lunch for both my husband and i. As a newly married couple,we couldn\uc0{\u8217}t eat a lot like those other extended families around us. My husband and I surrounded a table, we started a conversation as we began eating our boiled sweet potatoes. I ate, but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t feel the taste of the meal we were eating. I was too worried about my husband too. We were only three months married, and a war erupted. I looked stressed knowing not what to do when my husband happened to join the rebels.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My husband noticed an unusual mood in me and he asked,\uc0{\u8221} why do you look stressed?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I looked down as if I was shameful, and said\uc0{\u8221} I visited Dada this morning and found her in a stressful situation. She thinks her husband will die, if not in rebel training then in warfield.\uc0{\u8221} He kept quiet for a few minutes and said: \uc0{\u8221} I\uc0{\u8217}m also fearful; they may take me too.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The food we were eating became tasteless for both of us, he dropped down his fork and didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to continue eating. I cleaned the table making the sitting room tidy. He told me that he wasn\uc0{\u8217}t comfortable that he was going to visit his friends in the neighbourhood. I felt weak and went to bed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was in the evening, my husband came swiftly and said:\uc0{\u8221} cook fast! \uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} What is happening?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Pado and I arranged to spend nights in bushes.\uc0{\u8221} He said,\uc0{\u8221} but we will be going in secrecy so that we may not be followed one day.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Ok, fine !\uc0{\u8221} I warmed up the sweet potatoes that we left at our lunch time; we ate. He picked one of our blankets and met his friend,Pado and went to the nearby bush. Pado \uc0{\u8217}s wife came that evening to my house saying that she was afraid to spend the night in her house with her three-year-old daughter without a husband, so she came to spend her night at my home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Early in the morning, I heard someone knocking on the wooden window of my bedroom. Mado, pado\uc0{\u8217} s wife and I arose in fear, we looked at each other, but I heard my husband \uc0{\u8217}s voice ,\uc0{\u8221} Besty, Betsy! It\uc0{\u8217}s me, Ndaga. Open for me!\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Ah! \uc0{\u8221} I sighed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mado was trembling, and sweated all over her body.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I opened it. My husband laughed upon noticing Mado and her daughter spent their night at home. Mado and i also joined in the laughter. It was a comforting moment where our worries were lost.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a few minutes, Pado came quickly home to report that he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see his wife home. But he found her packing her blankets in a plastic jumbo, ready to go back home. He was annoyed and said: \uc0{\u8221} why didn\uc0{\u8217}t you sleep home?\uc0{\u8221} Mado answered,\uc0{\u8221} I was afraid, then I thought about coming to spend the night with my friend here!\uc0{\u8221} He scratched his head, and we all laughed again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ever since my husband and his friend started to spend their nights in the nearby bushes, there were no rebel group that came to our village to collect adults and young men to join them in war. We could hear from friends in the neighbouring villages that some\uc0{\u160} lost their husbands, others lost Young children in the war, and we felt pity for them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, my husband agreed with his friend,Pado, to spend that night home. He came and told me that he was not going to spend that night in the bushes. So,he slept home that\uc0{\u160} night. In the middle of the night, Ndaga\uc0{\u160} and I heard one of our neighbours Pala saying,\uc0{\u8221} please don\uc0{\u8217}t kill him, let him go with you!\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Instantly, I jumped out of the bed, I picked a laser shaver and pulled my husband towards myself. Like a weak kid, he was too weak and lost his temper. He asked me,\uc0{\u8221} what do we do, what do we do!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I told him wait, you will see. I shaved his childish beard; he looked like a young girl about 20 years old. I picked my lipstick and polished his lips, then eye shadow and painted his eyebrows. He looked much more like a lady. He said:\uc0{\u8221} what are you doing?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I told him , you choose to look like a girl and stay with me or choose to join these rebels and die in a war, leaving me a poor young widow.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He calmed down, he didn\uc0{\u8217}t say anything. I unveiled my head and veiled him\uc0{\u160} just like a woman. Finally, I tied his waist with one of my African dresses, and he was a beautiful young girl.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Not more than five minutes later, the door of our house was hit by someone with a gun in his hands, but wore like civilians,\uc0{\u8221} Where is your husband?\uc0{\u8221} He asked my husband, thinking that he was a lady. My husband kept trembling and acted as if he was dumb. Many of these men entered the house, I approached and explained that her husband spent the night in farming field, trying to protect tomatoes from thieves. As they searched everywhere in the house, they found twenty kilograms of rice, they took it with them, leaving us home and alive.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the morning, Mado came home crying that her husband was taken to fight. She asked me if they took my husband too, or if he managed to escape. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t recognize my husband, yet he was sitting next to her. When she noticed that the woman next to her was my real husband, She never believed her eyes. She said:\uc0{\u8221} Oh my God, is this Ndaga! \uc0{\u8221} I said,\uc0{\u8221} please, go!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}As the sun rose on the horizon, Ndaga and I fled to Tanzania to seek refuge and safety.}}\par
\sect
}