{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy27\hr14\min32\sec54}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy27\hr14\min32\sec54}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b THE SECRETS OF MOUNT VIEW BOARDING SCHOOL}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b CHAPTER 1: THE CREAKY FLOORS}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I, Ethan Matthews, was lying in bed, staring at the ceiling and feeling miserable. My parents had just dropped me off at Mount View Boarding School, and I was still getting used to the old wooden floors, the creepy hallways, and the strict rules. I hated being away from home, and I missed my family and friends so much.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I lay there, I heard the creaky floorboards in the hallway outside my room. It sounded like someone was walking around, but I knew it was just the old wooden floors settling. Or so I thought.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I tried to fall asleep, but the creaking kept me awake. I tossed and turned, feeling frustrated and lonely. Why did my parents have to send me to this boring, scary place?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Just as I was starting to drift off to sleep, I heard it again \uc0{\u8211} the creaking floorboards. But this time, it sounded different. It sounded like someone was walking around outside my room, and it was getting louder.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I sat up in bed and listened carefully. The creaking stopped right outside my door. I felt a shiver run down my spine. Who could it be?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I looked at my clock, and it was 10 PM. I knew the students were supposed to be in their rooms by now. Suddenly, I heard a faint whispering in my ear. \uc0{\u8221}Get out while you still can.\uc0{\u8221}I spun around, but there was no one there. The whisper seemed to come from all around me, echoing off the walls. I was terrified. Who was whispering in my ear? And what did they mean by \uc0{\u8221}get out while you still can\uc0{\u8221}?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I decided to investigate. I slowly got out of bed and crept to the door. I opened it slightly and peeked outside. The hallway was dark, but I saw a faint light coming from the room at the end of the hall.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I walked quietly towards it, my heart beating fast. As I got closer, I saw a figure standing in the shadows. It was a girl with long, curly hair and a white dress that seemed to glow in the dark. She was staring at me with a strange, almost hypnotic gaze.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Who are you?\uc0{\u8221} I asked, trying to sound brave.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m the one who\uc0{\u8217}s been warning you,\uc0{\u8221} she said in a low, mysterious voice. \uc0{\u8221}You\uc0{\u8217}re in danger, and you need to get out of here before it\uc0{\u8217}s too late.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was confused and scared. What danger was she talking about? And why was she warning me?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Suddenly, she vanished into thin air. I was left standing there, feeling stunned and confused. And that\uc0{\u8217}s when I heard the creaking floorboards again. This time, it sounded like someone was running away.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I knew I had to follow the sound and find out who was making it. But as I turned to go back to my room, I realized that the door was locked. I was trapped.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And that\uc0{\u8217}s when I heard the whispering again. \uc0{\u8221}You should have listened.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I frantically tried to open the door, but it wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t budge. I was trapped. The whispering seemed to grow louder, more urgent. \uc0{\u8221}You should have listened.\uc0{\u8221} I felt a chill run down my spine. What did they mean? What was I supposed to have listened to?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Suddenly, the lights in the hallway deemed and went out. I was plunged into darkness. I heard footsteps echoing down the hall, growing fainter. Whoever was making the creaking floorboards was leaving me behind.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I pounded on the door, shouting for help. But my voice was swallowed by the darkness. I was alone, trapped, and scared.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I stood there, I remembered the mysterious girl\uc0{\u8217}s words: \uc0{\u8221}Get out while you still can.\uc0{\u8221} I realised that she was trying to warn me, but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t listen. Now, I was trapped.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I looked around the dark hallway, trying to find any clues. That\uc0{\u8217}s when I noticed a small piece of paper on the floor. I picked it up, and it was a note. It read: \uc0{\u8221}Look for the key in the last place you\uc0{\u8217}d think to look.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was stumped. What did it mean? And where was the last place I\uc0{\u8217}d think to look?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I stood there, trying to understand the note, I heard footsteps coming from the room at the end of the hall. The same room where I saw the mysterious girl. I knew I had to act fast.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I quickly hid behind a nearby curtain, holding my breath as the footsteps got closer. A figure passed by, and I saw a glimpse of a key in their hand. I knew I had to get that key.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the figure disappeared into the darkness, I emerged from my hiding spot. I knew I had to move fast. I had to find that key and unlock the door before it was too late.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I followed the footsteps, I found myself in a maze of dark corridors and empty classrooms. The school seemed abandoned, and I was alone in the darkness. I could feel the weight of the mysterious girl\uc0{\u8217}s warning bearing down on me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Suddenly, I heard the sound of a door creaking open. I followed the sound to a classroom at the end of the hall. The door was slightly open, and I could see a small light coming from inside.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I pushed the door open slowly, my heart racing with anticipation. And that\uc0{\u8217}s when I saw it; a small, old-fashioned key lying on the teacher\uc0{\u8217}s desk. It was the key to my escape.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But as I reached for the key, I heard a voice behind me. \uc0{\u8221}You shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t have come here,\uc0{\u8221} it said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I turned around, but there was no one there. The voice seemed to come from all around me, echoing off the walls.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Who are you?\uc0{\u8221} I demanded, trying to keep my voice steady.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was no answer. Instead, the voice spoke again. \uc0{\u8221}You should have listened. Now, you\uc0{\u8217}ll never leave this place.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And with that, the lights went out, and I was plunged into darkness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I stood there, frozen in fear, as the darkness seemed to close in around me. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see anything, but I could feel a presence in the room with me. I tried to call out again, but my voice was hoarse and barely audible.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Suddenly, I heard footsteps coming from the far corner of the room. They were heavy, deliberate steps, and they seemed to be getting closer and closer. I tried to move, but my legs were stuck to the spot.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the footsteps stopped right behind me, I felt a cold breath on the back of my neck. I tried to turn around, but a hand clamped down on my shoulder, holding me in place.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And then, a voice whispered in my ear. \uc0{\u8221}You shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t have come here. Now, you\uc0{\u8217}ll never leave.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I tried to struggle, but the hand was too strong. I was trapped. And then, everything went black.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I came to, I was lying on the floor, my head throbbing with pain. The room was empty, and the door was open.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I stumbled back to my room, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t shake off the feeling of unease. What had just happened? Was it real, or was it just a dream?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I looked around my room, trying to find some clues. And then, I saw it. A small piece of paper on my desk, with a single sentence: \uc0{\u8221}Meet me in the old Eucalyptus tree at midnight to learn the truth.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I felt a chill run down my spine. Who was watching me? And what truth did they want to reveal? I knew I had to find out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And with that, I went to bed, my mind racing with questions and fears. Little did I know, the mystery was only just beginning\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}