{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy17\hr23\min07\sec02}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy17\hr23\min07\sec02}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Science Fiction that Facilitated the Technology of the Cell Phone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The cell phone was long thought to be an impossibility that only existed in fiction. Imagine having a tiny device in your hands that could make long-distance calls and conduct wireless conversations. This may have sounded absurd and impossible, and we frequently say things like this when we watch science fiction films. Others despise them because they are created using imagination rather than reality. However, many scientists find inspiration to make the impossibly feasible in science fiction films. However, Motorola DynaTAC, the first mobile phone, was developed in 1973. (Cavendish,2020). You could use a cell phone for 35 minutes at that time, but it weighed 1.1 kg (Cavendish,2020). It has been stated that cell phone at the time was excessively pricey. It was claimed that sci-fi films, including Star Trek, where a man by the name of Captain Kirk employed a device in his hand for communications, served as the idea for the cell phone (Cavendish,2020). However, Cooper revealed in a 2015 interview that the wrist-mounted two-way radio in the film Dick Tracy served as his inspiration for the cell phone (Cavendish,2020).}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By Sadock Mahuku}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Reference}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Cavendish L (2020). Welcome to the future: 11 ideas that went from science fiction to reality.Space.com. https://www.space.com/science-fiction-turned-reality.html}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}