{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo05\dy15\hr17\min11\sec13}{\revtim \yr2023\mo05\dy15\hr17\min11\sec13}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 The birth of Junior on that fateful day of September 11, 2001, was an extraordinary event in the life of Wanja and her entourage at the Buruburu Centre. One after another the three suitors brought gifts and delivered speeches to mark the occasion. It was a permanent celebration that lasted until the day Junior had to \uc0{\u8220}go out\uc0{\u8221} and be circumcised\uc0{\u8212}that is, the eighth day. Among the permanent guests was Elizabeth Mukuruu, or Eliza the midwife, who had assisted Wanja during her pregnancy, administering traditional medicines while observing the signs that enabled her to predict the sex of the unborn child. Without having an ultrasound, Wanja had known for three months that she would give birth to a boy. We should name him Emmanuel\uc0{\u8230} Among the permanent guests there was also Nora, Wanja\uc0{\u8217}s confidant, whom everyone called House Girl, because she was the girl of the house. It was Nora who knew almost everything about Wanja, except the circumstances of Junior\uc0{\u8217}s conception, which had occurred after Mollel, a Tanzanian Maasai, had shown up unannounced at Buruburu to see his older brother Ol\uc0{\u233} Kaparo, the security guard at Wanja\uc0{\u8217}s.Nora knew Koffi, the Togolese from Gigiri, she knew Mwanyumba, the Taita from Barclays, and she knew Joseph Alois Amani, the Rwandan Hutu businessman who was called the Reggae Man because of his hesitant, rhythmic gait, which called to mind the movement of reggae dancers, the disciples of Bob Marley: \uc0{\u8220}Get up, stand up, stand up for your right\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Africa Unite\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} Who hasn\uc0{\u8217}t tried! Almost all of Wanja\uc0{\u8217}s friends were also there, a female junta drawn from a new class of high-flying managers, who had carved out a place for themselves in the urban jungle of Nairobi, by reinvesting the savings that would have otherwise stayed idle if their men had been faithful to their wives, as they had sworn before church and state\uc0{\u8230}Reinvesting these savings required exceptional managerial skills, but information and communication technologies have made the task easier for the new breed of managers. Instead of being condemned to vulgar prostitution, the hard life of the open-air market with all its perishables, or forced exile, a generation of beautiful East African women has found an informal way to capture and reinvest a share of the income of UN civil servants. Yet their way of adapting to the global crisis was not without its risks. AIDS could always manifest itself and spoil the party. Which is why, in the welcoming atmosphere, the guests spoke about this or that. About whether the baby resembled the father. About the AIDS epidemic that was raging across the big cities, not discriminating between races, genders, or religions, let alone social classes.Reminiscent of the Amazons, the female junta at Wanja\uc0{\u8217}s chatted about how to save for their pensions, for when they would no longer be able to divide teams of men by task, not unlike the Taylorism of past centuries. They also spoke cryptically about their lover-workers\uc0{\u8217} sexual performances. Wanja was envied because in her group there was a man named Reggae, who according to Wanja was an exceptional man, which attracted the junta\uc0{\u8217}s curiosity. The women who were aware of Joseph Alois Amani\uc0{\u8217}s reputation secretly thought of hijacking him or employing his services.The first to bring gifts, quasi-gifts, and presents, and to \uc0{\u8220}hold the baby\uc0{\u8221} was Koffi the Togolese. He had almost emptied Gigiri\uc0{\u8217}s duty-free store. Through Baliyobora Baliyahura, the guard at Gigiri, he had rented the Reggae Man\uc0{\u8217}s van to transport all of his gifts for Wanja\uc0{\u8217}s entourage. In Buruburu, part of the female junta deducted some of the fancier items, including the bottles of wine and perfume, and of course the bedding for the baby who had just been born. The rest\uc0{\u8212}rice, oil, etc.\uc0{\u8212}was dispatched to a warehouse in Donholm where Wanja ran a convenience store. The Reggae Man lived nearby; he was the store manager. He was a friend, the most constant of the men, and he attended to the smooth running of Wanja\uc0{\u8217}s business. His honesty had convinced Wanja to make the Reggae Man a joint-stock partner with unlimited liability\uc0{\u8212}a veritable partner. The convenience store belonged to Alois, Wanja supplied it, which was easy to do via Koffi, and Alois managed it. Wanja and the Reggae Man\uc0{\u8217}s partnership was legitimate: according to custom, a foreigner cannot do business without going into partnership with a Kenyan national. But apart from the facilities she had in Gigiri, Wanja, a former Public Works official, was an important woman, for she had a network that included civil servants and police officers.}\par
\sect
}