{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo05\dy29\hr06\min42\sec01}{\revtim \yr2024\mo05\dy29\hr06\min42\sec01}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On his first holiday to Wagamama, Stunkie was helping himself to a plateful of okra, chili soup and grilled hake fish at a roadside hotel. The usher had told him this was the favored dish in Wagamama, and stunkie was devouring it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The day was hot and it was afternoon, 2 hours after Stunkie\uc0{\u8217}s plane had landed in Wagamama. The fish looked well done and the onions on its side were top notch. Stunkie felt proud of himself for obeying the hotel usher and choosing this dish. However, the meal was big. The portions could satisfy the craving of three diners, but the waitress had assured him that the meal was all his. \uc0{\u8220}Wagamama\uc0{\u8217}s food plates are always that extra big. It\uc0{\u8217}s as if we have some ghosts to feed too,\uc0{\u8221} said the waitress laughing with him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Halfway through his monstrous meal, Stunkie looked around him. The open-air dining area was teeming with interesting characters. There were ten other diners around him. For every diner, there was a silent man sitting next to him or her and not eating anything. Just sitting on the benches. Close to him, Stunkie noticed that a man, probably 25, wearing a plain old suit, clean tie and old leather shoes was sitting silently in the vacant chair next to him. He looked tired but was holding a wallet containing kids drawing books and pencils.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stunkie quickly made mental calculations. Perhaps he was a diner too who had finished his meal ahead of him, and was relaxing his stomach before ordering lentil soup and ice-cream, the favorite dessert at the hotel. But another corner of his mind told him something else, perhaps he was a hotel employee, whiling up his time before going home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stunke nodded and winked at the silent man. \uc0{\u8220}Compliments of the day, they cook nice meals here, huh?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Of course, their tomatoes are finely grated,\uc0{\u8221} replied the silent man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stunkie continued to munch through his plate but couldn\uc0{\u8217}t make much progress finishing the oversize meal. Still, the silent man never bought any desert nor indicated a desire to leave the scene. He continued hugging the wallet containing kids pencils but kept a hawk eye at Stunkie whose appetite was receding.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You must be honored to work here,\uc0{\u8221} Stunkie continued the disjointed chats with the silent man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Work at this hotel\uc0{\u8221}? asked the man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, it\uc0{\u8217}s a grand old but fine hotel,\uc0{\u8221} replied Stunkie.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I have never been employed here nor anywhere,\uc0{\u8221} said the man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stunkie was astonished, but began to slow down on his meal feeling that his stomach was full. The man kept a stern eye, looking closely at Stunkie, never leaving him out of sight. Stunkie was finally full and stopped eating. His plate was still half full with soup, broken fish and some of the untouched okra.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Finally, the silent man moved disturbingly close to Stunkie and whispered, \uc0{\u8220}Perhaps it\uc0{\u8217}s no big deal if I finish your meal?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stunkie coughed and smiled quickly, \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t mind. If you may please, sir\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The silent man took to Stunkie\uc0{\u8217}s half meal with rush and determination. He was swallowing even the fish\uc0{\u8217}s tricky bones that Stunkie carefully avoided. And he was suddenly talkative, his face bright, downing jugs of water quickly like a prisoner who\uc0{\u8217}s seeing beer for the first time in a decade.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m a silent diner, I\uc0{\u8217}m not alone,\uc0{\u8221} he told Stunkie.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Silent Diners\uc0{\u8217} was a nickname, almost an insult given to dozens of young, jobless, hungry men in Wagamama\uc0{\u8217}s biggest city. They dress well each day, pretending to be workers going into the city to office jobs. But on arriving in the city, they take their place at hotels, guest houses, restaurants visited by up-class tourists and diners. They keep tabs of bonafide diners, watching them if the oversized meals would be finished. Usually up-class tourists and diners wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t finish the oversize food portions. And that\uc0{\u8217}s when Silent Diners would pounce, finish a plate, get full for the day and return home in the evening pretending to be office workers who have finished their day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re not alone, wow!\uc0{\u8221} said Stunkie, bending to look around. Ten other Silent Diners had suddenly got busy, chowing the half-finished bowls of food taken from proper diners who had finished eating.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, we are many,\uc0{\u8221} the silent diner told Stunkie, lifting the bowl of soup to drink it down. As he finished cleaning out Stunkie\uc0{\u8217}s plate, he opened up more.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I knew you\uc0{\u8217}re not from here,\uc0{\u8221} he told Stunkie.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Really?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Your accent, posh dress code,\uc0{\u8221} he said. \uc0{\u8220}I will see you safely around the city\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As soon as Stunkie rose up to carry his bag and walk to his booked guest lodge, the Silent Diner rose with him and begged to carry Stunkie\uc0{\u8217}s heavy travel bag through a maze of chaotic traffic, city corners full of pickpockets and knife-wielding robbers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was no proper Google Maps and Uber in Wagamama\uc0{\u8217}s biggest city and Silent Diners were handy. \uc0{\u8220}We finish your meals, but safely walk with you across the city, protecting you from opportunistic thieves,\uc0{\u8221} he said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stunkie laughed hard as they circled crazy city traffic on his way to the guest lodge. Wagamama was gripped by the world\uc0{\u8217}s highest youth unemployment, the man told him. Hunger was rife in over 70% of homes. \uc0{\u8220}Yet something agonizes me,\uc0{\u8221} he said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What\uc0{\u8217}s that?\uc0{\u8221} asked Stunkie.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}80% of all hotel-prepared food is left over and thrown into bins,\uc0{\u8221} he said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s unfair,\uc0{\u8221} said Stunkie.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Us Silent Diners help posh hotels reduce their food waste bills,\uc0{\u8221} he said laughing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In all the restaurants that Stunkie visited in the following week, there were bands of Silent Diners hanging around proper diners. At an outing to Starbucks, Stunkie bought a banana loaf bread and a can of Coca Cola. A young man who volunteered to carry Stunkie\uc0{\u8217}s shoulder bag if he could finish his can of Coca Cola and banana loaf.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Such a small meal for a Silent Dinner?\uc0{\u8221} said Stunkie walking away from him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, sir,\uc0{\u8221} replied the young man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stunkie politely kicked away his opportunistic attempts. \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re taking it too far,\uc0{\u8221} he told him.}}\par
\sect
}