{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo12\dy13\hr23\min54\sec43}{\revtim \yr2022\mo12\dy13\hr23\min54\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sometimes hardships, failures and heart breaks can lead us to the most difficult situation in life that we get frustrated, we became sad and disappointed; especially, when we try our best for some of our goals but we can not achieve them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is the time that we may fed up and try to get rid of everything even ourselves. Same thing happened with me. After some failures in life, I was totally broken. I felt hurt and worried. I thought that my life was meaningless and nothing worked out with me. Everything seemed boring. Days were repetitive and listening to the music, going to the mountains and deserts could not make me feel relaxed. I was just thinking about my goal that I could not achieve it although I tried my best and it always kept busy my mind thinking about it when I saw a small spider on the wall.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It used to spin some narrow webs on the walls and the door near to each other in small and big circles. Daily when I cleaned my room I removed its webs and sometimes there were insects inside it but all the time I was cleaning my room and I was removing them all.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Again, the next day, it tufted ropes from its mouth. Sometimes it fell down then it pulled up itself using its ropes, I thought that why the spider does not get tired although it knows that I remove its webs better to call its room from the walls. It knew that sometimes its webs will fell down even through the wind and no one may like it inside the room yet, it was busy working hard during days and nights on its webs.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I asked myself, what is the logic behind it? Is it just a trap for the insects? A spider\uc0{\u8217}s interest? Maybe something else that I did not know. The way that spider tufts that small ropes in different shapes no one could do that they were always arranged and well organized.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What really inspired me was the spider itself as it knew about the risks, about the failure that it may not be able to have a permanent web in my room, that it may fell down as it seemed risky for it and those webs were not much stronger yet, it tried and tufted the webs from one wall to another even on the top of the door. It never stopped trying and it never got disappointed when I removed its webs.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Seeing the spider\uc0{\u8217}s efforts, I was really inspired and I learnt that no matter what happens in life, until I breath my tireless efforts should not be stopped. I knew to achieve my goals, I should work hard even if I was failed but I should never get disappointed since life has ups and downs for everyone and all its existence on the earth.}}\par
\sect
}