{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy23\hr06\min35\sec06}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy23\hr06\min35\sec06}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 THE TRAVELER\uc0{\u8217}S HUMOR}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Long ago, in the midst of Adolph Hitler\uc0{\u8217}s reign, there existed a city named Non-Urinia. In this city, urinating in public was a capital offense punishable by immediate execution following the judge\uc0{\u8217}s verdict. However, the city lacked public restrooms, so citizens had to use their home toilets before venturing outside.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As Hitler\uc0{\u8217}s regime began to crumble, tensions rose, and he became increasingly hot-headed and agitated, putting pressure on his subordinates, especially his second-in-command, General Gordini Muller, who oversaw Non-Urinia. One day, a mysterious traveler journeyed through Non-Urinia en route to Rome while preserving his walk of faith. Unfortunately, the traveler arrived in Non-Urinia and found himself in dire need of a bathroom. Knowing the strict laws against public urination, the traveler looked around and saw no one in the vicinity. So, he decided to relieve himself in secret. Unknown to him, General Muller\uc0{\u8217}s men had been watching him since he arrived in the city. After completing his business, the traveler was startled to find three angry soldiers waiting for him. They immediately apprehended him and threw him in a cell, and one of the soldiers reported the incident to General Muller.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 News of the incident infuriated General Muller, who was already under immense pressure from Hitler. No one had dared to break the law by urinating in public for over 40 years, and he felt that the traveler\uc0{\u8217}s actions were a direct challenge to his authority. The general ordered that the incident be kept secret and that he would handle the matter himself, without involving the judge. He wanted to avoid any potential rebellion by the people, but more importantly, he feared that if Hitler found out, he would execute him for being weak and incapable of controlling his territory.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When the traveler was brought before him, General Muller placed his gun on the table and informed the traveler that his end had come. The traveler, without uttering any last words, requested a box of matches. Once given the matches, he lit a matchstick and handed it to the general, telling him to hold it while it was still burning. He then informed the general that he would be gone for a few minutes and expected to find him holding the same matchstick upon his return. The traveler left the room, and upon his return, he found that the general was not holding the matchstick. When asked what had happened to it, the general arrogantly replied that the flame was too hot, so he let it out the window. The traveler then pointed out that his urge to urinate earlier had been just as urgent as the flame, which was why he had to relieve himself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The general was taken aback and had no response. After a moment of contemplation, he burst out laughing, admitting that he needed the humor to relieve some of the pressure he was under. He made a deal with the traveler to allow him to leave peacefully, as long as no one ever found out about the incident. As the traveler resumed his journey to Rome, he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help but reflect on the absurdity of the situation. He had managed to diffuse a potentially deadly confrontation using humor and wit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This incident highlighted the power of humor to connect people, bridge gaps, and diffuse tension, even in the direst of circumstances. The traveler continued his journey to Rome, encountering new challenges and adventures along the way. He met many people and learned about their cultures, beliefs, and struggles. He discovered that despite their differences, people around the world shared a common desire for happiness, peace, and security. He learned to appreciate the beauty and diversity of the world and the importance of treating everyone with kindness and respect. As he approached Rome, the traveler realized that his journey had been much more}}\par
\sect
}