{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy01\hr18\min20\sec03}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy01\hr18\min20\sec03}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Two Tools}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Hey! Are you the one?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}The one\uc0{\u8217}s already gone.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m Kabaso, the now.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}So, it\uc0{\u8217}s happened, indeed!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kabaso is a young boy living in a very rural area. The place has blood and gold within. However, unless you grasped it, there was bloody black gold for everyone. He looks around himself; everything seems repetitive; days and months come and go, and nothing changes except that the situation becomes more severe. Wherever he could fetch firewood, there are currently houses. The camp turns out to be small as the population augments recklessly. In his world, he feels that something is wrong with the beliefs of people around him. As a brother and an impendingly responsible man, he decides to perceive the circumstance with a divergent microscope. On his way home, he walks while bouncing on the road; any onlooker would say that Kabaso\uc0{\u8217}s father is the one who made the road. Funny enough, he bumps into an old man who has known him since his arrival in the camp.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Many of them attempted to make exactly what you intended!\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}Whenever you see people walking with one leg, don\uc0{\u8217}t resist; simply follow the rhythm.\uc0{\u8221} argued a neighbouring old man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The neighbouring man has got designs of bones all over his shirt, which he only washed one week ago. He could even be taken as an example of the skeleton in biology class. His steps were really well managed, and he moved thoroughly to avoid any bleeding from his heels. Funny enough, he was too exhausted to believe that the manna would come from the sky. In spite of the daunting declaration from the old man, Kabaso considers it a point of reflection. He wonders what went wrong with the long-standing man to cause him to be so disillusioned with the prevailing wind.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I think he is reasonably too old to have the sort of dreams I possess.\uc0{\u8221} said Kabaso, monologuing inaudibly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The words of that old man echo themselves in Kabaso\uc0{\u8217}s ears. As he walks back home, Kabaso frowns, his head down and slouching. Upon reaching his dwelling, he grabs the Holy Bible and starts reading his favourite books in the Bible, proverbs and psalms, chapter 23. Despite those daunting words from the old man, he shouts, claiming he must make it happen since there are people waiting for him. He has to palliate their grief with what he owns, be it abstract and material.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Not only is he empowered by his eagerness to watch green renovation around him, he is also authorised by the Word, which is a good foundation for his work ethics. That humane heart hurts greedy bosses in the area. So, they are bearing a grudge against him; hence, they claimed that.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}This is wishful thinking.\uc0{\u8221} You cannot become wealthy by giving to others. Instead, you will stay poor and get poorer. \uc0{\u8221}Come to us, and we will show you how the game works.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kabaso assertively responded, \uc0{\u8221}There is more in giving than in receiving.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}The one in me is more powerful than you, who claim to have everything.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They acted in this manner because they could see the true Kabaso shining prematurely in his speeches full of encouragement and optimism for the future.What astonished them the most is how he could have faith in the Heavenly Father and proceed with his fight for betterment while in school. It has marked a divergence from what other residents were doing. They either believe or sweat a lot, and as a result, their outcome is always identical. Unfortunately, they do not understand it as fast as they are supposed to. Maybe it is necessary to have someone shouting in the desert to awaken them. Of course, they have one.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Almost a decade later, Kabaso meets with one of the so-called rich people in the camp where he was. He finds himself working in Kabaso\uc0{\u8217}s company, assisting and empowering widows, including orphans, and other people in urgent need of help globally. Kabaso had gotten a scholarship and was taken to live in his new residence. Keeping eye contacts is now very gruelling because one cannot gaze at the sun due to its brightness. It has surprisingly increased, surpassing the restraint people could have had concerning that little boy\uc0{\u8217}s next step. Fortunately, there are only two other camp residents at the place besides the two. Actually, they are in Canada, specifically in Toronto. The man, glooming, greets Kabaso.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i THE END!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By Bondo Dieudonne}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}