{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy22\hr16\min48\sec30}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy22\hr16\min48\sec30}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 tragic story}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 King Kabila was the second king of the village of Moya. He was a king with a big heart who was also tender and gentle, and he was especially much loved by the people of the village because he was a wise king and could judge each situation as he had to. He was so rich and the best known of his generation because of his wisdom, wealth, and way of living with his people. Despite his wealth and his wisdom, this king was not happy because all three of his wives could not give him an heir but only gave birth to daughters, something that worried him a lot and made him wonder who could replace him after his death. So he decides to look for a fourth wife to finally give her a boy. Finally, he organized a feast for girls aged 18 to 30, and all the girls in the village were invited to participate.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The day of the feast in the village had arrived, and it was such a big feast. There was a lot of food, drinks, and other things. The drummer was there, as were the singers and dancers too. All the girls in the village were very well dressed and made up, and they were very well prepared for the feast.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Amanda, an intelligent 19-year-old girl, was beautiful in figure and height; no one could resist turning to look at her when she passed through the village, man or woman; everyone admired her beauty. Amanda was the only child in her family; her father was a farmer and her mother a seamstress; together, they raised their daughter and gave her everything she needed.Like any other girl in the village, she also decides to go to the feast organized by the king of the village. Amanda was dressed in a blue dress with black sandals and a black scarf on her head.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 King Kabila spoke during the feast and addressed the young girls of his village: \uc0{\u8221}Hello, my ladies. I think you know the reason why I called you here; I have three wives and 18 daughters, and I am looking to marry a fourth wife who will finally give me an heir who will replace me after my death.\uc0{\u8221}After his speech, they applauded, and before the king came down from the stage, he saw Amanda and was pleased by the beauty of this girl. Without hesitating, the king took back the microphone and called her, \uc0{\u8221}Dear miss, could you approach?\uc0{\u8221}Girls: \uc0{\u8221}Me, my king?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}Is it me?\uc0{\u8221} Should I come?The King: \uc0{\u8221}No, I\uc0{\u8217}m looking for the girl dressed in blue with the black scarf.\uc0{\u8221}The girl walks up, and the king holds her hand and asks, \uc0{\u8221}What is your name?\uc0{\u8221} The girl responds by saying her name is Amanda. The king tells her that you are my choice, and from this evening bring me to your parents finally so that I can take you as my fourth wife. As planned, after the feast, Amanda brought the king to her parents, who paid the debt and took her as the fourth wife.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When she arrived at the royal palace, the first three wives welcomed her but were not too happy because they were afraid that she would get pregnant and give birth to a boy who would be the king\uc0{\u8217}s heir and would be the most loved by all the other children.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The king started spending a lot of time with Amanda and liked her very much because of her beauty and intelligence, too. A few months later Amanda got pregnant with the king, all her co-wives had become very curious and afraid that she was pregnant with a boy, so they started planning to kill the baby if it would be a boy. Amanda considered her co-wives to be her big sisters because she was the youngest of them. Her co-wives could wake up in the morning to cook her breakfast, fix her house, and even spend the whole day with her. One evening, Amanda had severe pain and wanted to give birth. The king took her to the village hospital so that she could give birth. After a few minutes, the doctor came out and said congratulations, my king, it is a baby boy. The king could not control himself; he jumped up and shouted with joy, \uc0{\u8221}Oh my God!\uc0{\u8221} Thank you for having answered my prayer. Finally, I have an heir. The king asked the messenger to announce the news of the new prince who had just been born; the messenger had gone house to house that night announcing the birth of the new prince.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next morning, when the three wives of the king met to talk, the first one said that they must kill the baby because if it stays alive, when the king dies, they will drive them out of the kingdom because it will be the fourth wife and his sons who will inherit the kingdom. The second said that it was better to put poison in the mother\uc0{\u8217}s food and then kill the baby so that nothing is suspected; otherwise, if the baby dies, only people can suspect them. The third one said no, killing the baby is better than killing both.When the fourth wife comes home with the baby, the king had organized a very big party to celebrate the birth of his one and only heir Kabila junior, the king had put guards everywhere at the house of the newborn and no one was allowed to enter apart from the king and the doctor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A year later, it was the prince\uc0{\u8217}s birthday, and the king then decided to organize a party to celebrate the first birthday of his only son.When the other wives learn of this, they then plan how they can kill the baby and the mother because the king was very fond of the fourth wife and her baby. They then decide to poison the mother\uc0{\u8217}s drink and then kill the baby, but luckily for Amanda, the drink was drunk by another person. The co-wives waited for her to die, but she was not dead. The next morning, they went to check on Amanda, who was still alive. They were so furious that they decided to look for another plan more powerful than this one. The third woman offers to hire someone to kill the baby and his mother; her friends tell her that it is very risky because the king may hear the news and will drive them out of the village. The second woman then offers them to poison the king; the other two women yell at her and insult her. How can you say such things about the king? Do you want the king to die? The second woman speaks and says, \uc0{\u8221}No, it\uc0{\u8217}s not a poison for him to die, but for him to fall ill, finally, that we find access to go to the fourth woman to kill the baby.\uc0{\u8221} They agreed to put a small dose of poison in the king\uc0{\u8217}s food. No sooner said than done, the king ate and fell ill.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While the king is under treatment, the first wife goes to the fourth wife to tell her that the king is so sick and that she will be the one who will start taking care of her. Amanda couldn\uc0{\u8217}t refuse; she accepted, and the first wife started going there almost every day. One day while Amanda was going to take a bath, the first woman took advantage and came into the house in disguise, killed the poor baby, and then left like nothing had happened. When Amanda finished bathing, she wanted to feed the baby. She takes the baby and tries to wake him up, but the baby doesn\uc0{\u8217}t wake up. She screams and calls the guards. The guards ask what\uc0{\u8217}s wrong. She explains that she had gone to wash up, and when she returned, she found the baby dead.The guards went to give the report to the king, who was very upset, and he said what? \uc0{\u8221}how?\uc0{\u8221} My one and only heir is dead. Then the king told the guards to call Amanda. Amanda is brought to the king, and the king asks her to explain everything. Amanda explains the story, crying, and tells the king that she does not understand how the baby died; she had left him healthy, but at her back, the baby was dead. The king was very furious and asked to have Amanda killed; the poor girl had died being innocent.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The king had never recovered from the death of his one and only heir; he had remained unhappy all his life and always thought of the harm he had done to Amanda.}}\par
\sect
}