{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy27\hr11\min42\sec39}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy27\hr11\min42\sec39}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 THE TROUBLED GIFT}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I always knew there was something special about me. Well I can\uc0{\u8217}t really call it special because it\uc0{\u8217}s the reason I grew up a weird kid. I would just know things, events and people I was not supposed to know or I was not expected to know. I thought this was the norm, I believed everyone had a capability to do this.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Look I could talk to people who long left this planet. All day long, they\uc0{\u8217}d tell me about how they left mother earth, they would tell me of the things they had wished to achieve before the fate met them. A few tines some would wish they\uc0{\u8217}d be granted a second chance to physically meet their loved ones and tell them one last time \uc0{\u8216}I love you\uc0{\u8217}. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t find much amusement in sharing this part of my life , bit the few times I would tell people that it\uc0{\u8217}s going to rain in exactly 13 days\uc0{\u8217} time at 1300hours they thought it was all fiction.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But they be amazed when the events I would have told them came to pass in the exact way I would have described. Irony or coincidence? I also didn\uc0{\u8217}t know, I was barely a teenager by that time. All I wanted was to play football in the streets with my friends and anything beyond football, food and friends was beyond me. The older I got, the heavier this \uc0{\u8220}thing\uc0{\u8221} became for me. I was always first in class because I would see the papers beforehand. Yes, someone would bring me the exam paper two or three days before with the answer script as well, who was I to say no?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At some point people in my village started to think I used magic to attain this academic excellence. I preferred that they believe this theory as I had no time to explain the happenings in my day to day life to them. Did I also mention that with great power and boldness came this \uc0{\u8220}thing\uc0{\u8221}. There are moments of boldness that would instill fear in me. I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t afraid to talk or stand up for myself, it scared.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I could tell whose funeral wed attend next in the community, months before it transpired. Did I want to say this? NO! What was the results? I became an outcast. An enemy. No one could stand my presence. Everyone dreaded me. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t blame them though, I mean why would you tolerate someone who could causally tell you how you\uc0{\u8217}re going to drown in a well exactly 8 hours from that time or on a good day how you\uc0{\u8217}re going to give birth to triplets?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They wanted me out of the village. I was a threat to the dark side. They were afraid that one day I would reveal their works and their source of riches. They were envied by everyone in the village. It was through them that we knew cellphones, electricity, tap water, you name it. They plotted a way to chase me away from the village, they carefully planned my demise}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a sunny, Saturday and as usual my friends and I would go to the forest to hunt. There was a small lake where we\uc0{\u8217}d go for a quick swim. We met two adults who asked us to escort them to the lake as they were not familiar with the road. I lead the way as usual. I was the most interactive and cheerful one of all my friends. They had cameras, my favourite newly found gadget. They asked to get a picture of me . I posed to my own death. It wasn\uc0{\u8217}t a camera they were holding and just like that the disappeared into the thick forests.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}