{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy02\hr19\min42\sec20}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy02\hr19\min42\sec20}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wanted to write you, but I failed to do so.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The way you listen makes me stop and think}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 if my words are worthy of your art of listening,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 worthy of the light I witness in your eyes,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Or the night my words tore at your cheeks}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 but for my loss.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Your tears made my simple words}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 look as if they carried a world,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the world which I was in search of.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wanted to write you, but how dare I do?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You resemble an art that amazes me}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 but I am unfamiliar to.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You are the soul of happiness I am scared to touch,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 so I slowly step back}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 for fear of transferring my sorrow, a smudge.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wanted to write you, but I think I can\uc0{\u8217}t do.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You are freshness, but not like the rain drops.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You are a hug, but not after a cry.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I could describe you as joy,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 but of a kind I never heard of.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You mesmerized me with a world of unknowns.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wanted to write you, but you were a poem,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 one you don\uc0{\u8217}t recite at night,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 maybe like those that don\uc0{\u8217}t make you cry,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 of a kind I have never read.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then how dare I write?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wanted to write you, but I best write sadness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You are a happy soul and seem to be painless.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then I ask myself why I feel connected to you?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wonder if you have sorrow hidden within you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I never knew someone so good could hide a wound,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 so I will assume happiness is all your around.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wanted to write you,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 but how happy I am that I can\uc0{\u8217}t do.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 for I am an ironic poet}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 who polishes her verses with sorrow.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 How my gray words can describe a rainbow?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You are the first poem I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t write,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 but I get lost in, when I read you.}}\par
\sect
}