{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy02\hr09\min52\sec28}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy02\hr09\min52\sec28}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Toyi wake up!\uc0{\u8221} my father always calls me out early in the mornings for work in the fields. This has just been the daily alarm of my young age. Each and every night\uc0{\u8217}s end make it even more boring to me. I feel being a slave inside these words. The days ends as usual, each moment after the other. The food we eat is just the same: nsima, vegetables and meat during the year\uc0{\u8217}s end festivals and during the month ends when lucky if my mother\uc0{\u8217}s salary budget goes well.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite all these, one thing have not changed totally.\uc0{\u160} The place is just the same with the same people and works. Overall, I am still walking up at the same time before the rooster sings its favorite song. Lucky enough if it is a Sunday, the early morning voice becomes soft and the walking time is always adjusted with a strong one hour. What follows from there on a sweet Sunday, is taking a bath and an adventure to the church in the special clothes which my parents bought five years ago. Happily enough Sunday often brings a lot of friends and lots of stories.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In spite, all this, I really wish to be free. I want and dream to go to the white people\uc0{\u8217}s countries. I wish to travel in their safe roads, dive in their pure waters and fly in their clean airs. All this have just been sleeping dreams of a sleepless man\uc0{\u8217}s son.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I have a friend called John, We learned and graduated from high school together. Despite the fact that I had good grades than him, he was selected for the scholarship we had applied for and glided the sky. I am happy for him even though sometimes I am a little bit jealousy because of the great beautiful mansion he has built for his parents. Many friends who used to talk to him on phone were saying that he quitted school and focused on work.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Not only that but also last week one of my fellow friend from primary school called Ilhan has just been resettled to Canada with her family by the UNHCR the UN refugee agency which had been taking care for all of us the refugees here in Dzaleka camp. I am also happy for her and wished if I could have said goodbye to her for the sake of accepting the fact that we shall not meet each other again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Openly heartedly, I had been searching for ways to open my adventure opportunity to travel as well. I have searched for passport and visas opportunities but all were in vain. I had been applying for tertiary scholarships and still more it was a dozing dream.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Last night I heard my fellow friends discussing about the illegal paths to the European destinations. I was curious to know more and I was perfectly sure to join them. Unfortunately, Gadson emphasized much on being brave on taking the precious journey. Because of being curious I asked why. All of my friends broke out with laughter and one of them Mugisha said that these journeys are dangerous \uc0{\u8220}you can be arrested, killed and even starve to death.\uc0{\u8221} And Gadson added up to say that, \uc0{\u8220}once lucky, you become a citizen and out of luck it is not easy to come again home.\uc0{\u8221} From a far place we heard the community security people buzzing their whistles. \uc0{\u8220}In Canada and the white\uc0{\u8217}s countries people have freedom of walking around during the nights not like here.\uc0{\u8221} Moses complemented.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anyway, that is how our yesterday sweet Sunday had ended but I had a sleepless night. My dreams were pressurizing me to join my friends and promising me to learn in those big universities found in dictionaries and in magazines like the Oxford University. On the other hand my heart was unreactive.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Wake up! Toyi, take your hole and your sweet potato from the table and join me\uc0{\u8221} My father\uc0{\u8217}s voice is still calling me. Anyway I strongly believe that I am lucky to be hearing my father\uc0{\u8217}s voice right now. If I will go on this adventure I am afraid to lose the little happiness, family, friends and even moments I am having. Imagine difficult to go and worse to come back. Even though I am staying as a refugee in this foreign country still more I am staying with my family. This is a worthy reason to call it home. No more escapes because it is not over until it is over.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}