{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy04\hr04\min41\sec10}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy04\hr04\min41\sec10}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0  I have a story to tell, a story about a man from my village.This old man was called Babu, which means grandfather, after the name we gave him when we were children.In the early days, we used to go swimming in the river, carrying gallons of water to convince our mothers to give us permission to go and play with our friends.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    On our way, we passed this grandfather\uc0{\u8217}s house, which was under the sun from morning to night.His house wasn\uc0{\u8217}t solid, his clothes were worn out and his body was so white that he spent all day chasing flies with a little broom. He was so old that we all ignored him, and we\uc0{\u8217}d walk past him in his paddock without even saying hello.Then he\uc0{\u8217}d look at us from the moment we entered his plot to the moment we left it, and if we looked back at him, he\uc0{\u8217}d wave his eyes at us to scare us off, so we\uc0{\u8217}d flee.We\uc0{\u8217}d arrive at his house when it was ripe mango season, ask him for mangoes, and he\uc0{\u8217}d give us five each and no more.When we asked for more, he\uc0{\u8217}d say no, and when he said no, he meant no, and he\uc0{\u8217}d tell us that if a child stole his mangoes, he\uc0{\u8217}d eat him alive.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    We grew up little by little, grandfather was always at home with his pipe smoking.At times, we didn\uc0{\u8217}t go to the river to wash and we didn\uc0{\u8217}t see Grandpa Babu anymore, because we\uc0{\u8217}d outgrown going to the river to bathe naked and we were very focused on our studies.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    At school, me and the others had arrived at the secondary school orientation cycle, the first class, and it was our time to wear pants in uniform and no longer breeches, that\uc0{\u8217}s in our country, in primary school we dress in breeches and in secondary school we dress in pants for boys only, so we saw ourselves growing up.One day, one of our teachers sent us a homework assignment. The assignment was to ask people over the age of seventy for a short story. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    Each of us searched our families for an elderly person from those years, but no one could find one.Then one of us quickly remembered Grandpa Babu.We went to his house and found him in the same place, still the same and with the same habits as before.We arrived, and then explained our problem to him in detail.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    He heard us, and then he said, here you are today, you\uc0{\u8217}ve all grown up, you\uc0{\u8217}ve become very fine young people, I\uc0{\u8217}ve missed you too much. I missed your time here too, but now you\uc0{\u8217}re back.One of us said to him, \uc0{\u8221}But Babu, you still know us and remember us? How do you do that?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    Babu said, \uc0{\u8221}I even know all your parents, because some of them were born when I was there.We all looked at each other in astonishment, and as for him, all he could think about was his pipe.We had no choice but to approach him, with the sole aim of asking him to tell us his story and leaving.We asked him to tell us a little of the story of his past life. We asked him vigilantly, so he wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t find out we were looking for school points.He replied, I can tell you my story, of course, but can you handle it?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    We all said, yes, we\uc0{\u8217}ll put up with it.He asked us in turn, before I tell you my story, are you going to start by telling me why today you\uc0{\u8217}ve come to ask me to meet you my own story all of a sudden, when since you\uc0{\u8217}ve known me you\uc0{\u8217}ve never asked, what\uc0{\u8217}s more interesting about my life in the past instead of the present that you want to know?We told him we had a homework assignment that forced us to take an interest in his life. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    School is the key to life, isn\uc0{\u8217}t it? he asked. Yes, that\uc0{\u8217}s what we\uc0{\u8217}ve always been told Babu, and we answered too.So off you go, and if you really want me to tell you the story of my past, you\uc0{\u8217}ll have to come back here with a present for your Babu.We came back the next day with new clothes, but he told us he didn\uc0{\u8217}t need any more clothes.He told us to go and buy him beer made from bananas and sorghum, and also dry tobacco, so we went and asked our parents, and our parents bought us some.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    We came back to the Babu, and he welcomed us with joy, told us to sit next to him in the sun.We sat down next to him, and then he began to say, children of my children, you\uc0{\u8217}re starting to grow up now.He began by reminding us of our childhood, each one in detail, which we ourselves no longer remembered.He said, you used to pass by my house without saying hello, but when you wanted to eat mangoes you\uc0{\u8217}d come and ask me to give you some.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    And also today you\uc0{\u8217}ve come with the intention of taking my story, but you should already know this story, but you still don\uc0{\u8217}t know it even though we used to spend all our time together. That\uc0{\u8217}s why I\uc0{\u8217}ve asked you for beer and tobacco for the price of my own story, to let you know that you should take advantage of the opportunity when the time is right.We were all very attentive, we had regrets inside us for having missed this opportunity, we only expected the old man to have pity on us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    We were quiet and a great silence reigned on the square, the Babu said, my story I\uc0{\u8217}m telling you today, it\uc0{\u8217}s been years now, this story I\uc0{\u8217}m keeping in my heart for my family unfortunately that the past time will never come back and I\uc0{\u8217}ll never live it again.The Babu has already begun to tell us his story.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    The story I want to tell you is the story of my own family, the story that gave me value, joy and peace in my life at one time, but that life couldn\uc0{\u8217}t last.Today I\uc0{\u8217}m ninety-five, an age that allows me to know the bad and the good. I\uc0{\u8217}ve lived through a lot and seen a lot.As you can see, I never get sick, I\uc0{\u8217}m not blind and my ears wait just fine, which is not the case for other old people like me.When I was twenty-seven, I married the woman of my life. We had had twelve children in twenty years, including seven boys and five girls, and my family was happy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    I was now forty-seven and already had twelve children.We were very happy and at peace, and I felt very blessed by men. When I turned fifty, I lost my wife first.This is where the story I want to tell you begins.My wife died in a car accident, and as she was leaving the market, I was with my friends talking to each other, and someone came to tell me what had just happened. When I was told the news, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t accept it, because I really couldn\uc0{\u8217}t relate to it at all.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    At this point I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know that death was going to come at any moment whether we wanted it or not, I was confused and I was like someone who had lost their mind.I went home with the people who came to tell me the news.I had in mind that if they made jokes about the life of my wife, the love of my life, I should hurt them more than they wanted to hurt me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    When we were close to home, I heard the cries of the mourners and began to confirm that the announcement was true.So really, my wife had died in the car accident, it really shocked me and it was like a thunderbolt in my heart. I had lost the love of my life, the flesh of my flesh, my twin.Since then I haven\uc0{\u8217}t married, because I already had twelve children and I was already satisfied with the gift my wife gave me in her life, and the more I told myself that I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t going to find another woman like her in my life and above all to give me what in life, nothing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    So, I\uc0{\u8217}ve remained a widower as you see me, forty years now.Hoping that I would then raise my children alone with strength and courage, one day my eldest son and my youngest daughter had left together, they both died, until now I didn\uc0{\u8217}t realize which death it really was when they weren\uc0{\u8217}t even sick.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    The death of my eldest son and my youngest daughter had hurt me a lot, and when I remembered the death of my late wife, I cried a lot.I had ten children left, six boys and four girls. I began to look upon them as a precious prayer hidden in a safe deposit box.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    But death didn\uc0{\u8217}t always take pity on me and my wounds from the past. My three boys drowned in the swimming pool the Belgians had built here during colonization.The pool would fill up with water and the children would play and swim in it every time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    But one day, only my three children got out and drowned, I buried my three boys again, now it had become my habit to mourn my children.I was left with three boys and four girls.The years went by and the children I had left grew up. The daughter who was taller than the others had a fianc\uc0{\u233} and the two of them got engaged, we had prepared her wedding day, but three days before her wedding she died of a direct poison.At that point, I was exhausted, I was finished and I didn\uc0{\u8217}t need to live any more, but when I looked at my other children who were left to me, I gained strength.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0   Three girls and three boys, that was my breath, six children out of the twelve I had with my late wife.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    After a while, one of my daughters got pregnant by a stranger she didn\uc0{\u8217}t even know because she wasn\uc0{\u8217}t like the other children.I didn\uc0{\u8217}t need to know who had given her this pregnancy.I told myself that this child would be one of my children, but she hadn\uc0{\u8217}t survived the birth of this pregnancy.I buried a seventh child out of twelve children.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    At this point, I wondered what was wrong with my life, so I went to a marabout to have him consult my life and especially to see if anyone was following in my footsteps.The marabout told me that he hadn\uc0{\u8217}t seen anything that could follow my life, neither in my family nor in my relatives. When the marabout told me this, I even tested him, believing that he was telling me a lie.But I thought I was cursed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    Out of my five children, one died every year, and none of them got sick, not even from malaria or the flu.At home, mourning was like a habit and those around me criticized me negatively on the subject. I had nothing to do but keep my cool.In the end, I stayed with just one girl, who was now twenty-four.One day, she went into my room, made up my bed and also arranged my clothes very nicely like what her mom used to do when she was still alive.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    And she went to her room to rest, but she didn\uc0{\u8217}t leave her room.I found her dead on her bed, very calm and well arranged on her bed as if she was only resting.I didn\uc0{\u8217}t understand what this child had died of either.So I buried my last child out of twelve, and my family collapsed like ice in the sun.Since that day, after burying my last child, the peace I had in my heart and the joy, I no longer have.I envy death too, but death never takes me, now that I\uc0{\u8217}m old and still alive, I see my life as cursed, even death doesn\uc0{\u8217}t want me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    I lost my last daughter and my last child at eighty and now fifteen years later I\uc0{\u8217}m still alive.I don\uc0{\u8217}t even know why I don\uc0{\u8217}t die too and join my family in the afterlife.When I married my wife she was younger than me, she died before me and the children I had with her died with her.My life is a curse, as I\uc0{\u8217}ve always said to myself, everything I touch eventually dies and everything I undertake also dies, I never understand my life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    That\uc0{\u8217}s why you\uc0{\u8217}ve always seen me here at home, all alone and isolated, don\uc0{\u8217}t think I don\uc0{\u8217}t have acquaintances, no not at all, I have many, but I don\uc0{\u8217}t like their company, I let myself get dirty like crazy so that no one comes to stand next to me any longer, of course no one has ever come until you came today.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    I\uc0{\u8217}d advise you not to come back here to my place, you can see for yourself that my story is scary.  So when you leave here and don\uc0{\u8217}t ever come back, you hear me?Grandfather Babu was already relieved with beer and told us to go home.We got up and made our way home, we couldn\uc0{\u8217}t bring this story as homework and we told ourselves never to talk about this story at any time and in front of anyone.We went to Babu\uc0{\u8217}s house many times to visit him, and when he saw us he\uc0{\u8217}d say, you\uc0{\u8217}re coming back again, and we\uc0{\u8217}d say yes Babu.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    He asked us: are you here for another story or what? And we said, you\uc0{\u8217}ve got a good head, tell us the ones that sound good.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    Sometimes he tells us riddles or other stories from his youth.We really got to know Babu, seeing him smile and be cheerful, but it didn\uc0{\u8217}t last.Babu died at the age of ninety-nine, and we mourned our own Babu.There\uc0{\u8217}s an African saying that if an old man dies, a whole library shines.Babu told us a lot of things that I still remember, and also gave us advice like his own grandchildren.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0    We, too, have lost grandfather Babu, and the young people who knew him have lost someone who would take us on a tour of the past through his stories.The story of Grandpa Babu, a friend of young people whose name they didn\uc0{\u8217}t know out of ignorance.It\uc0{\u8217}s a bit like the saying that reason has its reasons that reason itself ignores.}}\par
\sect
}