{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy16\hr12\min16\sec39}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy16\hr12\min16\sec39}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We had a peaceful sleep at our sanctuary and in the following morning we woke to bustling NHCR-branded tents and concrete building blocks, demarcated by rows of small trees and stone lines within the barbed razor wire fence. Soon, this reception would become our small world.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a receptionist assigned us family tents arranged in rows,\uc0{\u160} loosely fixed,\uc0{\u160} old,\uc0{\u160} covered in brown dust, and worn by the sweltering Kakuma heat. we grabbed our belongings and headed there.\uc0{\u160} Luckily, our family received two tents under an old leafless acacia tree. The less fortunate families who got shelter in direct sunlight often sought refuge at our place during the day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Life at the reception bore some semblance to the IDP camp we had fled, except we didn\uc0{\u8217}t live in the shadow of imminent danger and constant threat. However, our freedom of movement was regulated within the confines of the enclosure. We needed a valid reason to leave for a stroll outside the fence and also to bribe the security guards for us to be issued with a piece of paper with our names, dates, and times of departure and return. In the small World, our weeks felt like months as we aspired to escape into the vastness of the camp. Even in the safety of the Small New World, I learned that the war had impacted my life beyond our country. My life had never been the same again. Before the war, I never had to buy the freedom to move, nor did I ever exchange corn and porridges for nutrition or dwell in tents.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At the reception, our daily foods were sugarless soya porridge for breakfast and a millet of corn for lunch and dinner. Cooking was prohibited; only those who could afford it purchased additional food from the closed markets. If the guards suspected somebody was leaving to buy food, the price for a gate pass fee increased to more than 50 Shillings. A few days we had been in the Small New World, some notorious and mischievous boys hatched a scheme and broke the fence where the trees and grass had grown dense, a distance from the reception\uc0{\u8217}s residential areas. These boys smuggled food into the reception without paying for a pass and sometimes reduced the pass fee to bring food for those they didn\uc0{\u8217}t know so that they could benefit from the illegal route. The broken site was exposed by boys who evaded their way through to to witness routine football matches played by Kakuma\uc0{\u8217}s long-standing residents and the business didn\uc0{\u8217}t last longer before the security guards caught one culprit while he was sneaking through the compromised hole with a bowl of food in his hand. He was struck numerous times on his slight buttocks, and the illicit activity was halted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a week, the receptionists informed those of us who had stayed over a week at the reception that we should prepare for relocation to the Camp. On the designated afternoon, we brought our belongings to the gate, where UNHCR volunteers loaded them onto a truck. We perched on top of our possessions and the vehicle traversed the arid terrain east of the reception. From the Kakuma-Loki road, the truck veered onto the open terrain where loose dust swirled into our eyes, the scorching heat cracked our skins, and the uneven ground tossed us around like coins flipped into the air.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our family was the last to be dropped off at the edge of the New Area, Kakuma 4. It was a barren landscape, with intense sunlight reflected off the makeshift tents devoid of trees and grass. There were no close essential facilities such as food and firewood distribution centers, water points, markets, schools, and clinics. We were also afraid because of the Turkana men from the anthill-like dwellings nearby who were rumored to rob new arrivals at the outskirts of the Camp. Groups of tents nearby had been evacuated by those who arrived only days before we did; they spoke to the testament to the rumors\uc0{\u8217} credibility. We formulated a plan to find a place at the central location within the New Area. Our mothers found vacant tents near the food distribution point. It seemed likely that the previous occupants had left to reunite with relatives elsewhere in the vast camp, as families rarely arrived together. The next day, a car with a loudspeaker announced in Arabic, Nuer, Dinka, and English that it was time to collect our rations from a nearby WFP tent we dubbed \uc0{\u8217}The White House\uc0{\u8217}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We collected cereals, pulses, oil, fortified flour, firewood, kitchen items, hygiene materials like soaps and toothpaste, additional blankets, mats, and portable lights. Starting anew was challenging. Nutrition, water, sanitation and hygiene, shelter, energy, education, and medicine were vital, but most refugees arrived at the camp without clothes, education, family networks, and money. The Kenyan government and the humanitarian organizations couldn\uc0{\u8217}t provide the other fundamentals that make a satisfied dignified living.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I was twenty when I arrived at Kakuma Refugee Camp, still a young man, facing the hard refugee life without parents, but in the hands of his generous nephew. I had left my parents and my siblings in my village after I came to Juba for school and war had further divided us. In the war, I lost everything I ever owned\uc0{\u8212}clothes, school documents, the invaluable books that had grown into a library. I also lost my modest income from my roadside phone charging business. War had reduced me to a meager collection of belongings: a pair of shoes, two tattered T-shirts, trousers, a shirt from a friend, a single blanket, a mat from UNHCR, and a biscuit carton in which I kept my possessions. The most valuable thing I owned was a Nokia phone, but I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t afford to charge it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A week into our stay, visitors from Kakuma One\uc0{\u8212}the oldest section of the Camp\uc0{\u8212}came to see us. They were refugees from the Sudanese Civil War and the Southern Sudan inter-communal fight. Some had lived in Kakuma One for decades. Among them was Mayian, my childhood adversary I had many fights with during our days of cattle herding in our village. Mayian arrived in Kakuma in 2010. The last time I saw him was fifteen years ago when we had our last fierce fight.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The day we fought, was in the late morning hours after we untethered our cattle to a grazing field, I was alone, strolling after my herd in the direction of a grazing spot. I was unaware that the friends with whom I always mixed our cattle harmoniously had diverted to a separate grazing field.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My herd got mixed up with Mayians\uc0{\u8217}. We spent a great part of the day in peace, guarding our cattle away from the sorghum field within the bushes. Then evening approached, and as we disentangled our herds, I noticed an older boy whistling to Mayian. He falsely claimed I had insulted Mayian, that I said I had defiled his cow\uc0{\u8217}s bottled gourd. This was a terrible accusation. Traditionally, a Nuer boy\uc0{\u8217}s cow gourd is not only a sign of his integrity, but it\uc0{\u8217}s a sacred symbol of his dignity. Defiling the gourd is a litmus test for the depth of a boy\uc0{\u8217}s bravery or cowardice. If you need a cowardly boy to turn into a brave one, defile his gourd. The antagonism that the insult unleashes is unyielding. Such insults are only uttered by those who are getting ready to fight and\uc0{\u160} I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t ready to fight.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mayian hit me in the back, and I fell face down on the ground. He jumped on me, biting my back as we wrestled on the ground. The other boys were laughing, urging him on. It was obvious they had orchestrated the fight and would never help me. Tugging myself out from under Mayian alone took most of my energy. I stood up to face him, but he kicked me down again, biting my right hand and legs and escalating our hand-and-legs scuffle into a more aggressive, primal encounter, like a fight between tigers and lions over a gazelle. Unable to bear it any longer, I let out a loud yell and, exerting the last atoms of my energy to escape his grip I ran away. The older boys who had bullied me ululated, urging Mayian to chase me to my home, but he didn\uc0{\u8217}t. Mayian was seeking revenge for our previous physical confrontation, where I beat him at our home. That time, the same boys had drawn a line between us, and declared that whoever crossed it was the only true man. Mayian took up the challenge and crossed it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Due to the lack of medication in my village, my wounds festered throughout the winter and worsened in the summer. I only recovered a year later, in autumn, thanks to traditional medicine. That year of agony was ingrained in my mind, and I was hoping for a strong, unmatched revenge, but when Mayian paid us a visit at Kakuma Four, despite the years apart and the conflict between us, we recognized each other. As we patted each other\uc0{\u8217}s backs warmly, in our South Sudanese way of greeting, I wondered if he had forgotten our long-time hostility. I remembered it very well, but I held no grudges over our childhood tantrums.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While we were chatting together in front of our white UNHCR-constructed tarpaulin tent, sitting in a circle in a tent warmed by the morning heat, Mayian and his friends lectured us about life in Kakuma. \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re blessed because you came with women who cook for you,\uc0{\u8221} they said. \uc0{\u8220}When we arrived, we had to cook for ourselves and go to school. It was a tough life in a tough world.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We listened keenly. They told us to be very careful, \uc0{\u8221}Don\uc0{\u8217}t wander after nightfall, because the Kenyan police beat people during late hours when they\uc0{\u8217}re patrolling the camp.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\sect
}