{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy07\hr18\min22\sec54}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy07\hr18\min22\sec54}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In 2006 I was blessed to go on a trip to Lourdes, France. It was beautiful there and it was a very important part of my faith journey. I was exposed to the French culture, which now is one of my favorite countries in the world to visit and to research because it has such a rich history.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The story of Our Lady of Lourdes is about the time Mary, the mother of Jesus, appeared to St. Bernadette Soubirous in the 1800s.\uc0{\u160} Mary told her to dig in the ground and when she did a spring of water came up. In the days following this appearance, many people were physically healed by the water. Today, many people still go in the baths hoping to be healed. While most people are not healed physically, many people say that they are healed spiritually. The Lady appeared a total of 18 times over a period of a few months. Bernadette was only 14 and not yet fully educated. As one might expect, she faced much ridicule for her faith in the apparitions due to the fact that she was the only one who could see the Virgin Mother in her town, Bernadette became a holy sister when she was a young adult and passed away when she was only 33 years old, the same age that the Church believes Christ died.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My Dad and I went on a retreat to Shelter Island that the youth group that I worked for was having. When we went to Sunday mass as part of the retreat, we were approached by two Shelter Island parishioners. They introduced themselves and then told us that they were part of the Order of Malta and they would like to take both me and my dad on an all-expense paid trip to Lourdes, France. As you can imagine, we were a little taken aback by this offer but once we researched it and saw that the group was legitimate, we accepted their very generous offer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This was the first trip I would take alone with my dad. Before that we had gone only on family vacations together. I had been on many trips alone with my mother, but never with my father. This trip brought us closer together.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The trip turned out to be a big step in my faith journey. Up until this point I was considering becoming a Roman Catholic priest.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I felt that God may have been calling me to that work, but I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t sure. I met many priests and bishops on this trip getting to know them as people in informal conversations. I think if everyone had this opportunity to get to know high-ranking church officials personally, the church would be better understood as a caring place. In my experience, most clergymen focus on Jesus, but also are only human beings and still have flaws and fears just like the rest of us do.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}I feel clergymen are becoming disconnected from their communities. I\uc0{\u8217}m afraid that this is happening more often in the church because of the low number of people choosing to become priests. This leads to each priest being overworked so severely that they are not able to spend time with each individual person. I feel pastoral care \uc0{\u8211} looking after the people of your parish \uc0{\u8211}\uc0{\u160} is the most important function of a priest but they are unable to fulfill this function due to their workload. I became really close with my Bishop from New York. We had some personal conversations. When I got back home and I saw him at mass it was a little difficult for me to get used to the distance again. I chose not to pursue a career in the priesthood and this trip helped me come to that conclusion.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One of the days that we were in Lourdes was specifically set aside for a select group of disabled people to go to the baths. There were two caves\uc0{\u160} that people bathe in. Now complete with modern conveniences like electric light and adaptive equipment including lifts. When me and my dad were on line to go in the water, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help but feel anxious and excited that I might be physically healed. The thing I remember about my experience was that the water was so cold. I expected it to be warm! To be fair, the people assisting me did warn me that it would be cold but I didn\uc0{\u8217}t think it was going to be freezing. When I got out of the bath, which I was only in for a couple of seconds because of the temperature, I was instantly dry. Apparently, every person who goes in the bath experiences this phenomenon. The people there consider this a small miracle. I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t healed instantly from this experience, however, when I got home I physically progressed slowly and the progression has yet to stop. I do attribute some of this success to my time in Lourdes. I would also say that I was somewhat spiritually healed as well.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The trip had lasting effects on my spirituality. We went to mass every day we were in France. I had to take my manual wheelchair to Lourdes. Although the town is accessible by really sick people, some of the terrain is pretty rough. Because of this, they recommend you don\uc0{\u8217}t bring a power wheelchair. That week was the first week in a while I spent in my manual wheelchair. I was often uncomfortable for little stretches of time. I needed my dad or someone else to help reposition me. Up until that point I had a very hard time when I was uncomfortable, focusing on nothing else but how to get out of that position. On the Sunday of the week we were at Lourdes we went to mass in a stadium with thousands of people. My Dad and my assistant, who was provided to me by the organization, had to sit in a different section than me. I think this was due to us arriving at mass a little bit late so my section only had one spot. The mass was probably the longest mass I\uc0{\u8217}ve ever attended. It was\uc0{\u160} over three hours long.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As you can imagine, I got very uncomfortable in my chair in the middle of mass. I also got very thirsty. I prayed that my dad or assistant would come check on me so that I could have a drink. Instead, a woman wearing the Order of Malta uniform came over and offered me some water.\uc0{\u160} I, of course, accepted. She not only helped me with the drink but also said kind things to me even though I cannot remember what they were. When the mass was over I asked my assistant, who was regularly part of the organization, if he knew who that woman was. He said did not. He then shared with me there was not a woman who fit that description with us on the trip. I continued to look for the woman for the remaining days we were there. I never found her. I believe the woman was an angel. Even if she is a real woman, she was acting like an angel at the moment she helped me. This was one of the most direct holy moments I\uc0{\u8217}ve ever had. I had many other spiritual experiences on that trip but none as powerful as that one.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}I returned to New York with a new spiritual awareness as well as a wider, more in depth, view of the Catholic Church than I had before. I was also able to share most of the experiences in France with my students in the youth group who I hope were able to learn a little bit. }}\par
\sect
}