{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy27\hr18\min52\sec41}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy27\hr18\min52\sec41}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Woman. What an interesting and powerful word. \uc0{\u8220}You are a woman\uc0{\u8221} is considered as a really strong phrase right now as if it shows how strong a person is or can be by saying that \uc0{\u8220}You can do it, you are a woman, a strong and an independent woman\uc0{\u8221}. However, it was once accepted as an insult since people were using it to offend women \uc0{\u8220}You are a woman, you cannot do it, you are weak and you depend on me\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 15th-17th centuries- women and some men being accused of witchcraft and burned, tortured or executed}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 1431- Joan of Arc\uc0{\u8217}s (Jeanne d\uc0{\u8217}Arc) death because of various factors related to politics, religion, and gender, motivated by the goal of removing a powerful adversary and asserting authority over land and influence}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 1637- death of Anne Hutchinson for expressing her religious beliefs}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 1793- execution of Olympe de Gouges by guillotine during the French Revolution for her writings, including her Declaration of the Rights of Woman and the Female Citizen, which called for gender equality}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 19th century \uc0{\u8211}early movements for women\uc0{\u8217}s rights particularly in the United States and Europe.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 1848- the Seneca Falls Convention in the United States the beginning of the organized women\uc0{\u8217}s rights movement}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 1893- first woman gets to vote in New Zealand}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mid 20th century- The continuation of the suffrage movement, with more countries extending voting rights to women}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 1913- police brutality during the \uc0{\u8221}Black Friday\uc0{\u8221} protests}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 1920- The United States passed the 19th Amendment in 1920, granting women the right to vote nationally}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 World War I \uc0{\u8211} Many European countries granted women suffrage}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 1930s-1945- The Comfort Women System in which women and girls from occupied territories were forced into sexual servitude}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 1960s- Second-wave feminism for social, political, and economic equality for women}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Late 20th century- Many countries having laws and policies to address gender inequality and discrimination}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Late 20th century- Issues about gender-based violence, access to education and healthcare, and representation in leadership positions}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Late 20th century- intersectional feminism recognizing the interconnected nature of gender}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 1975- The United Nations celebrating International Women\uc0{\u8217}s Day on March 8th, recognizing it as the official day to promote gender equality and women\uc0{\u8217}s rights worldwide}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 2024- a woman sitting at her house and writing whatever she wants, easily and freely expressing her ideas (political, gender based, economical, scientific, religious, etc.), voting, being a leader, businesswoman, CEO, scientist, politician, whatever she wants. In boardrooms and classrooms, hospitals and courtrooms, women stand as leaders and innovators, shaping the world with their vision and resilience. Their contributions enhance the diversity of our society, highlighting the boundless capabilities present in every person, irrespective of gender.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}The Unfinished Goal\uc0{\u8221} echoes through the corridors of history, a testament to the resilience and determination of women across centuries. From the ashes of persecution to the halls of power, the journey of women is marked by both triumphs and tribulations.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We are the victory of women who fought for their rights in different eras, we are the hopes that they had, we are the dreams that they had. The victory so that one day, women can politically express their ideas, not only voting for a leader but also being on the election list. This is why Joan of Arc died, this is the reason many women sacrificed their life. It is right that these days, we also fight for our rights, feminism is common these days, it does not mean that we do not have the equality. We do, we have the equality that women of 19th century wanted, but the time changes, life changes and people change, our ideas, perspectives everything changes that is the reason why we fight again, because women, men, people who believe, who have hope, we fight for our rights as our descendants did. Today, as we look back on our progress, we feel a mix of pride and sadness, knowing that the path to real equality is still challenging and painful.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 However, as we observe the current state of our world, we are troubled by the lingering shadows and ongoing injustices that afflict our society. Women, our sisters, mothers, and daughters, are still trapped in webs of discrimination and inequality. They face unequal pay, limited opportunities for progress, and endure violence and harassment solely due to their gender. Their cries resonate within us, igniting a justified fury and an unwavering resolve. For every victory won, there are countless battles yet to be fought. Let us heed that call, let us march forward together, and let us build a future where every voice is heard, every dream is realized, and every soul is free to soar, where women are proud of their gender and not ashamed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}