{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy08\hr15\min01\sec47}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy08\hr15\min01\sec47}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I spoke to the general director of CORDS, I asked him how CORDS is progressing, he said that CORDS needs people like me who know what they are doing and know their objectives. He asked me if I was interested in their mission and vision so I could join them. I said that I am ready to join them, he told me to go at 3:00 pm that Saturday to the CORDS office where the meeting would be held. I agreed. it felt like a new possibility for me. Volunteering, I participated in the meeting. During this meeting I was introduced. so the call of the acting secretary was introduced in the room, calling for interim while the secretary-elect was busy with his personal duties. After the approval of the board members, I accepted the role.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Diving straight into my new duties day and night, I worked tirelessly, improving the organization with my dedication, and pushing it towards success. In the middle of many plans there was a dormant mushroom project, waiting for the touch of recognition, which was hindered by the absence of the project manager. Using the opportunity, I coordinated the revival of the mushroom project, and gathered CORDS members to join in its implementation. When the mushroom started sprouting, an important meeting called the top people of the organization including me. Paul, the frequently absent project manager doubted my improvement to my steadfast determination. As my commitment was recognized and praised by the president and CEO of the cords organization.So a conflict arose under the supervision of the project manager, who started to get jealous of me. He started sowing the seeds of opposition, accusing me of bad intentions that I want to overtake his position.Despite the support of the upper \uc0{\u8211} the CORDS president and CEO, i find myself caught in the web of office stupidness. In a bid to secure their positions, the communications director and project manager organized a smear campaign. I, guided by the original goals of organizational development, made the difficult decision to resign. But the president and CEO urged me to stay, promising me a reform and a bright future. However, fearing the to be killed by the Cords project manager and the communication director. I stood firm realizing that my departure was a necessary sacrifice to protect the integrity of the organization and my own principles. And so, determined, i bid farewell to CORDS, leaving behind the history of dedication and determination.}\par
\sect
}