{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy17\hr10\min54\sec36}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy17\hr10\min54\sec36}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Last month, my young brother Edmond was being taken to school by my mother in Blantyre after the holiday of the second term. He is about to complete his secondary level in about four months. While on the way, they stopped somewhere on the road. My mother wanted to buy something. A certain woman came and asked my mother for a lift. My mother told me that the woman looked like a poor person and she had a bad smell. With the good heart that my mother has, she decided to give her a lift though my brother was uncomfortable about it and they were not having plans of giving lifts to any strangers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everyone refused her a lift without money but my mother decided to do good on that day. My mother went ahead and took her luggage in the car. My mom was nice to her and they chatted. After they had driven for about 30 kilometres, the lady said what if I told you that the few seconds you took to bring me in the car saved you from an accident just ahead? It was a strange question. My brother and my mother were shocked and scared. After saying those words, she immediately told my mother to stop and\uc0{\u160}that she wanted to urinate. It was the last time they saw that woman. They waited for over 10 minutes and even looked for her until they got more scared and left. Just a kilometre ahead they saw a deadly accident. Several people died that day including one person who was just walking alongside the road.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Both looked at each other and started to cry. My mother felt like that woman saved them from that accident. Maybe she was an angel that was sent by God as it was said by my mother. However, my mother would not manage to drive again due to how scared she was. She called me on the phone for help. I just told her to transfer my brother to a public car where he would pay to reach to his school in Lunzu. I sent a driver to get my mother where she was. At that time, they had reached Sangano where she was waiting for the driver that I sent to get her back home. I was happy to see my mother alive without any harm. I took her to the hospital for a check-up. The doctor told me that she was doing alright.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The bag that the woman had with her was brought home and my mother hadn\uc0{\u8217}t thought about opening it. I decided to give courage to my mother to open it and when she did it, we found a bible inside. It was opened and where it opened was in a book of Matthew verse 24:44 underlined, \uc0{\u8221}So you also must be ready, because the son of man will come at an hour when you do not expect him\uc0{\u8221}. My mom and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe what had just happened. We debated about what to do with the bag. Should we hand it over to the police or keep it? We decided to hand it over at the next police station just in case but my mom believed this woman was an angel.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I could not shake off the wonder about the woman who seemed to have appeared out of nowhere. I decided to believe what my mother was telling me because my brother confirmed it when I called him on the phone. But despite the incident, I felt grateful for my mother being safe after passing through the trauma on the road. Whether the woman was just a stranger or something more, her presence had given my mother comfort and made her believe about how unpredictable life can be.}}\par
\sect
}