{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy25\hr13\min55\sec50}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy25\hr13\min55\sec50}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My son, Michael, is a young man in his 20s, currently living in the capital city of Zambia, Lusaka. I remember back in 2022, one of his cousins told him about a beautiful lady he knew. Michael was curious to meet her, so he got her number from his cousin, Mungeri and called her. They talked, and she agreed to meet him for a chat. It was a Sunday, and the next day, Monday morning, Michael travelled from Dowa to meet her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 During their conversation, Michael expressed his interest in her, and she agreed to pursue a relationship. However, the distance between them was a challenge. He asked her if she could come to Dowa to see where he lived, but she refused, saying she would only visit after he met her parents. Jokingly, he suggested visiting her that weekend with his relatives, and she agreed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My son went home and convinced his uncle to accompany him, which wasn\uc0{\u8217}t easy. Two weeks later, on a Sunday, they went to meet her parents. Everything went well, and they agreed she could visit my son in Dowa to see where he lived. After visiting, she refused to go back home. That\uc0{\u8217}s how my son ended up living with a woman he had only known for a few days.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He was fine with it because he liked her a lot because she was beautiful. But the problem was he didn\uc0{\u8217}t know her very well. After a few days, she started receiving calls from different numbers and would cry instead of answering them. When he asked her why, she wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t give him a straight answer. He realized she was hiding something. After some investigation, he discovered she had been dating three other guys before moving in with him and did not end those relationships.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My son was hurt and regretted his decision, but he let it go and continued living with her. After a month, her mom suspected she was pregnant. She asked if she had had her menstrual period while living with my son, and said no. Her mom advised her to go to the hospital for a pregnancy test. The test was positive, and a scan showed the pregnancy was one month old. Since she had been with my son for three weeks, things didn\uc0{\u8217}t add up. As a family, we gathered together and asked her who was responsible, and she insisted it was my son.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As a caring mother, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want any issues and allowed my son to allow the child to be born and we will know the truth later. The child was born and didn\uc0{\u8217}t look like my son, but he still accepted responsibility. However, as a family, we wanted to know the truth. We decided to do a DNA test for the child. Despite the results, my son insisted that he keep staying with her. I love my son and I could not interfere in his decision but deep down I was not happy because I needed the grand son from my own fresh.}}\par
\sect
}