{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy16\hr18\min38\sec36}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy16\hr18\min38\sec36}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her last words could be more commiserative but they were just being kind with others. No thanks I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to be kind. It was the answer of him that repeatedly came to his mind. It was a logical answer from a person who didn\uc0{\u8217}t use to be kind. Her last words could be about him, about her heart that would be alone cruelly after his mom. An advise, was not something could convince him. Without paying attention to him and his loneliness, his mother went to heaven or somewhere else and left him only one word of advice, that was too about others. Many thoughts surrounded his mind. It could be because his mother didn\uc0{\u8217}t trust him, or maybe because she wasn\uc0{\u8217}t sure that he would be evil alone, or all of that, besides why she didn\uc0{\u8217}t say anything about his lonely heart. But these thoughts were of no use. Sharing them with others is the same. How are you supposed to resolve misunderstandings with someone when he is not alive? They will only be your own mental words, without any answers.Locked jaws and a throat that carried hatred like a lead bullet that could not be moved. There was no news of tears, no peace, only a painful grudge and a locked jaw. Suffocation is the best word for this situation. Yes, he was choking. After that meaning of days changed. Days were not a part of life that different, colorful and existing. They were black and white, boring and same to each other. For a lawyer who always hated his job, there was no hope anymore. An almost elderly man who missed his only meaning of life. He never even loved a woman. He could not find anyone who understood him completely. Women have never been able to have a fixed place in his life. These were all things he unknownly said to a boy in street. A little ten years old boy who sells flowers in street. A small ragged boy who was sitting far away from him on the bench by the side of the street and was staring in front of him in silence. He did not even insist on buying his flowers. A strange feeling had caused the man to talk to that boy one year, two months and six days after his mother\uc0{\u8217}s absence.The boy sighed\uc0{\u8221} again pain, nobody can escape, even you with this luxurious suit. Don\uc0{\u8217}t be sad for your mother, don\uc0{\u8217}t you think it\uc0{\u8217}s better that she doesn\uc0{\u8217}t hurt anymore? You said she was in a lot of pain because of cancer.\uc0{\u8221} Man was staring at the boy\uc0{\u8217}s face. \uc0{\u8221}And about your job\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} He put his hand on the man\uc0{\u8217}s shoulder and looked deeply into his eyes, without saying anything, he just left. He left the man alone on a bench that was slowly filling with snow. The man\uc0{\u8217}s happiness may not have been in the boy\uc0{\u8217}s hands, but a little of the boy\uc0{\u8217}s luck was right in the hands of a lawyer who had a relatively good inheritance from his mother and had a good job. But he went. He left with regret for the man who could do something for him. The man felt tears on his face. He had vowed not to cry, no, he could not cry like everything a person might not be able to do. After a long time, he felt the tears on his cheeks and \uc0{\u8230} the cold, not because of the snow around him, seeing the red hands on his shoulder. Before boy\uc0{\u8217}s coming he was almost two hours on bench without feeling cold. The little boys eyes were full of a feeling that could show him that he knows what he said. A strange feeling had taken over his heart. Maybe those last words were cursed, maybe the spell, maybe the last rope. His mother\uc0{\u8217}s last sentence was not so annoying now. Her heart became a little warm but cold was everywhere.He did not know what is going on, but he only knew that now something tied him to the world around him. He was just crying with all his heart on that bench almost full of snow.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}