{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy07\hr09\min15\sec48}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy07\hr09\min15\sec48}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 About one year ago, I received a call from a random number. The person on the other end asked, \uc0{\u8221}Hello, you have not yet sent that little amount I needed?\uc0{\u8221} Confused, I asked who it was, and the person quickly realized he had dialed the wrong number. I got fascinated and decided to ask him a few questions. He turned out to be quite friendly, and soon, we were laughing together. He explained that he was trying to borrow 30,000 Malawi Kwacha to send to his sick mother in Blantyre. His friend had connected him with a lady who lent money, but when dialing her number, he had missed one digit and accidentally called me instead.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When the call ended, I felt a tug at my heart. I decided to send him 40,000 Malawi Kwacha through Airtel Money. When he called back, I told him there was no need to borrow the money anymore. He thanked me abundantly and insisted on paying me back, but I told him it was not necessary. He wanted to meet me since we were both in Lilongwe, but I explained that I didn\uc0{\u8217}t do it for recognition. I felt the call wasn\uc0{\u8217}t a mistake and it was divine intervention that led him to me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Occasionally, he would call to say hello, and then there was silence. About six months later, I received 150,000 Malawi Kwacha on my phone from an Airtel agent. It was from him. He called to insist that I accept it because I had saved him that day. That time, he had lost his job and was struggling to pay fees for his siblings who were in secondary school and one in university. His mother depended on him, and she was sick with no food. He had called many family members and friends for help that day, but no one could assist him. The 30,000 Malawi Kwacha he needed was to send 20,000 to his mother and use 10,000 for his own food. When no one else was there for him, a total stranger stepped in.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He had recently secured a well-paying job and wanted to send me money from his salary. His story moved me so much. I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t known the full impact of my small act of kindness. Towards the end of May this year, we finally met in person at GameStores in Lilongwe. We went to a nearby restaurant and he bought me lunch. I really enjoyed meeting him and feeling that I saved a life without knowing, I felt so nice inside my heart.}}\par
\sect
}