{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy02\hr12\min46\sec07}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy02\hr12\min46\sec07}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There lived a poor man named Komakech in bungatira village, who had a wife and two children, a boy and a girl. He was so poor that he possessed nothing the world but the ashes of his hearth. His wife died, and after sometime he married another woman, who was bad natured, and from morning till evening, as long as the day lasted, she gave the man no peace, but snarled and shouted at him. \uc0{\u8221}Do away with these children, you can\uc0{\u8217}t even keep me, how then can you keep all these mouths.\uc0{\u8221} Shouted the woman for she was a step mother. The poor man stood her nagging for a long time,but then,one night,she quarrelled so much that he promised her that he would take the children to the forest and leave them there. The two children were sitting in the corner\uc0{\u160} but held their peace and heard all that was going on}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next day, the man, taking his axe upon his shoulder, called to the children and said to them, \uc0{\u8221}come with me to the forest,I am going to cut wood.\uc0{\u8221} The little children went with him, but before they left, the little girl filled her pockets with ashes from the hearth, and as she walked along she dropped little bit of coal the way they went. After sometime they reached a very dense part of the forest, where they could not see their way any longer, and there the man said to the children, \uc0{\u8221}wait here for a while, I am only going to cut wood, when am done I will come back and fetch you home.\uc0{\u8221} Leaving the children there in the thicket he went away, heavy hearted,and he returned home. The children waited for a while, and seeing that their father didn\uc0{\u8217}t return, the knew what he had done. So they slept through the night in the forest, and the next morning, taking her brother by the hand, she followed the trace of the ashes which she had left on the road, and thus came home to their house.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When the step mother saw them, she did not know what to do with herself, she went almost out of her mind with furry. If she could,she would have swallowed them in a spoonful of water,so furious was she. The husband, who was a weakling, tried to pacify her, and endeovour\uc0{\u160} to get the children away by one mean or another, but did not succeed. When the step mother found out that she could not do anything through her husband, she made up her mind that she herself would get rid of them. So one morning, when her husband had gone away,\uc0{\u160} she took the little boy, and without saying anything to anyone,she killed him and gave him to his sister to cut him up, and prepare a meal for everyone. What was she to do? If she was not to be killed like her brother, she had to do what her step mother told her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So she cut him up and cooked him ready for the meal. But she took the heart, and hid it away in a hollow of a tree. When the step mother asked her where the heart was, she said that a dog had come and taken it away. In the evening, when the husband came home, she brought the broth with the meat for the husband to eat, not knowing that he was eating the flesh of his child. The little girl refused to eat it. She would not touch it. After they had finished, she gathered up all the little bones and hid them in the hollow of the tree where she had hidden the heart. The next morning, out of that hollow of the tree there came a little bird with dark feathers, and sitting on the branch of the tree, begun to sing, \uc0{\u8221}Cuckoo! My sister has cooked me, and my father has eaten me, but I am now a cuckoo and am safe from my step mother.\uc0{\u8221} When the step mother, who happened to be near the tree, heard what the little bird was singing, in her fury and fright she took a heavy lump of salt which lay near at hand, and threw it at cuckoo, but instead hitting it, the lump fell down on her head and killed her on the spot. And the little boy has remained a Cuckoo to this day.}}\par
\sect
}