{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy29\hr10\min39\sec17}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy29\hr10\min39\sec17}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a small town that was famous for its beauty, there was a young artist who worked independently and made drawings that everyone appreciated. She considered herself a beautiful and modern woman. Her art showed a world full of beauty and peace that brought laughter from the bottom of the heart and tears from joy. She drew people, but not like other artists, she mixed reality with her imagination so giving a name for her drawings was not easy. A person could not solve all the world\uc0{\u8217}s miseries, and she knew her drawings would never do this. Besides, it was easy for her to ignore people\uc0{\u8217}s miseries because she learnt of them only through the media. War, famine, drought and poverty for her were just words. In the world of her drawings, feeling like sorrow, disappointment, or pain didn\uc0{\u8217}t exist. She drew people\uc0{\u8217}s daily lives, but in a world full of peace.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She used to draw with pencils more than brushes,\uc0{\u160} and that was an inconvenience because her pencils finished quickly and she had to buy new ones often. One day when she was going to buy new pencils, a thief stole her bag. She ran after him quickly and passed three or four streets and even ran into an old salesman. She followed the boy with her bag until the middle of an alley, but he disappeared. She gasped and realized that she was in a completely deserted alley. This alley was not as clean as she was used to, and the houses seemed small. She had a strange feeling but it was not fear because she didn\uc0{\u8217}t know fear. She was a brave girl who was never afraid.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As she tried to find her way back. She considered what she\uc0{\u8217}d lost, her bag. She bought the small brown leather bag at an auction five weeks ago. There was a little more than the amount of money she needed to buy pencils, a little mirror, and some other tiny things. The only thing that was precious enough to run for was a little pencil that the artist started her work with that was a gift from her mother. She always had that pencil with her.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She went out of the alley but there was a crossroads of two other alleys. She chose one of them and continued on her way, but it was no use, she was completely lost. It was getting dark and her efforts were not successful. She heard a little girl\uc0{\u8217}s voice: \uc0{\u8221}Can I help you? You don\uc0{\u8217}t seem familiar.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young artist regained her strength and said, \uc0{\u8221}Yes, I am lost. Could you please help me find the way to the street?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The girl was almost twelve. She wore a not-so-new pink dress with a single flower on its chest that attracted attention.The girl said, \uc0{\u8221}Yes, I am going there to buy something. You can come with me.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When they started to walk, the young artist had a good feeling. She tried to regain her composure and asked, \uc0{\u8221}Do you live here?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The girl answered, \uc0{\u8221}Yes, I am going to buy something to cook.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The artist was surprised and asked, \uc0{\u8221}Are you cooking at this age?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The girl said, \uc0{\u8221}Yes, for my parents, I have to do house work because they work out until late at night. I go to school and after that do house work.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young artist was never forced to do anything in her life. Her father was a merchant and her mother was a pianist. She had everything she could possibly need before she needed it, from objects to services, even the love of parents. She had what every human needs to grow and experience, the freedom and power of being what she wants to be or doing what she wants to do. Lives like this little girl\uc0{\u8217}s were always outside the window of their house and away from them. The artist commiserated with the little girl for a moment. \uc0{\u8221}Do you have a dream?\uc0{\u8221} It was a question that the artist asked suddenly. She was surprised by the words that came out of her mouth.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yes, I want to become a teacher.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The girl said this and turned to another alley. The young artist still had that strange feeling but tried to forget it. Every single detail in the alleys was different from what she was used to. Homes, people\uc0{\u8217}s clothes, cats on the walls; people\uc0{\u8217}s clothes were weird in her eyes because of their oldness, cats and dogs were everywhere, and she could smell different smells at same time, The smell of smoke from ovens, the smell of food from vendors and sometimes the smell of garbage. Talking with the girl was the only way for the artist to control what she was experiencing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} A teacher, why?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I think teachers are the mother of all the classes. I want to be a good mother for all students.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Why a mother?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Because I love my mother more than any others and when I cannot see her because of her business, my teacher is like a mother for me, kind and wise, someone I ask about everything. I want to be like her for others. Also I want to help children like my friend.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The girl was saying this while playing with the single cloth flower on her dress. She went into a bigger alley that was more crowded. The young artist could now hear the voice of TVs from homes: The percentage of unemployment and poverty decreased significantly last year. That strange feeling was slowly disappearing. She thought about the girl\uc0{\u8217}s speech.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What do you mean by helping her?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Her parents are sick and unfortunately she cannot go to school like me, she has to work to support her parents and herself. I\uc0{\u160} teach her sometimes and sometimes cook for her. These are all things now I can do but I can do more when I grow up and become a teacher.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 An old woman in rags sitting on the street greeted the little girl and the girl returned the greeting with a smile. The young artist saw that the pages of a fashion magazine and a political newspaper were under the woman to soften her seat. The old woman said, \uc0{\u8221}You have a stranger with you.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The little girl answered,\uc0{\u8221}Yes, she is lost here.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young artist was amazed by the girl\uc0{\u8217}s answers, with all she was seeing. It was the first time that she saw someone like the girl and heard a story like her friend\uc0{\u8217}s story close. These stories were not in news or novels, but they existed and now she could feel them. When she saw that they reached the street,\uc0{\u160} the girl said, \uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}You can find your way now. Do you need more help?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young artist smiled. \uc0{\u8221}Thank you so much. I think I can find my way from here. I hope you get your wish.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The girl smiled beautifully and left.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The young artist came back home as usual but without her bag. She ate like other nights and slept like other nights. The next morning, she woke up like other mornings and ate breakfast like other mornings and had fun with her family and crew like other days. Like other days, she picked up her drawing pencil, but her drawings were not the same as usual. Something had changed. The window was opened a little and she could see more now. The lighting seemed different, showing her more details, including details about herself. And now, for the new artist the story of the thief who stole the bag was more interesting instead of the bag. Though her starting pencil became so small and she could not use it for a long time, it marked another beginning for her.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}