{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy17\hr16\min49\sec18}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy17\hr16\min49\sec18}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Staring at the black eyes of the woman in the mirror, she soon realized she does not know her. The eyes are familiar but there is no spark of life in them. Nothing\uc0{\u8230} as if they belong to a dead body, a dead body buried under loads and loads of darkness. But in that darkness, deep down inside those eyes, there was a familiar sense, like a faint memory from old times. She kept staring at the eyes of the woman in the mirror, as if it will unveil the mysterious truth buried in the darkness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Soon enough, in the vortex of the eyes, a little girl revealed herself to her\uc0{\u8230} Wearing a dress as yellow as the sun, she was radiant! The sound of her laughter spread through the alley and with each jump over the rope, joy filled the air\uc0{\u8230} \uc0{\u8220}what a cute girl\uc0{\u8221}, she thought. Among that joyful moment, suddenly shadow of a man covered the girl and laughter was gone. The little girl, turned around and looked at the man, with a shaking voice, she said: \uc0{\u8220}Hello father, will you come play?\uc0{\u8221} The man was silence, he just grabbed her hand and pulled her toward the house. The clouds filled the sky, and the storm covered the sound of the cries and arguments.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hours passed, the sun was gone and the darkness was here to stay. Shadows circumscribed the little girl and voices echoed in her head.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You are becoming a woman, act like one! Stop playing around with the boys. Stop running around and climbing trees, you\uc0{\u8217}re not a boy! You are a woman!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Doors started to close. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Stop laughing loudly! Men can hear you! Do you want the people to say that you are an attention seeker? Be quiet and act like a lady!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her voice was silenced.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Happy 9th birthday sweetheart! Now that you are a big girl, you should be more cautious about what you\uc0{\u8217}re wearing darling, as Allah orders, it is not suitable for a woman to show her body or hair to non-mahrams*. You don\uc0{\u8217}t want to make Allah disappointed and angry, do you?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her heart was engraved with the fear of burning in the hell.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}If you had a rare diamond, would you put it on the table where everyone can see it? Of course not! It is\uc0{\u160} a valuable piece so you will hide it in a safe to protect it. Women are like that diamond, in order to keep themselves safe, they should hide their beauty and practice modesty! My dear sisters, it\uc0{\u8217}s not just about hijab, even your voice and scent may corrupt men, so consider them Awrah (Intimate body parts in Islam, i.e. genitalia) too. Be modest!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Objectified and sexualized, her worth was calculated by her attire.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Men are visual creatures, they see your naked ankle and basically from that they can visualize your naked body! And that\uc0{\u8217}s how they stumble in sin! You don\uc0{\u8217}t want that, do you?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She became the source of sins.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Why are your hair naked? Do you want to ruin everyone\uc0{\u8217}s night by making your father angry? Wear this headscarf or stay in your room for the rest of the night!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Choice was gone long ago.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}My brothers, you buy cover for your cars and for your phones to protect them, but you let your wives, daughters, sisters go out unveiled! Don\uc0{\u8217}t you have any honor?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Virtue and honor, the smell of blood filled out the air.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You sent him an unveiled photo of yourself?! Are you crazy?! Don\uc0{\u8217}t you remember what happened to Fatemeh? She was seen holding a man\uc0{\u8217}s hand and then\uc0{\u8230} poof\uc0{\u8230} she was vanished! And we all know that she is sleeping in the well behind their house so stop acting so recklessly! Your father will kill you if he finds out!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a world where \uc0{\u8216}blood clears the honor\uc0{\u8217}, surviving was the goal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t know why she is making a fuss about it! Did you see what she was wearing the other day? I don\uc0{\u8217}t blame him! You cannot go out like a slut and ask men not to get tempted and touch you!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Shamed and blamed, she stayed silent.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With each statement, the darkness grow. It started to swallow the little girl. Mortified she fought back but shadows fought harder, belittled and weakened, she shattered\uc0{\u8230} Shadows wrestled her down and kept her in her place, ready to be fed to the darkness\uc0{\u8230} The little girl screamed silently while the darkness covered her up and absorbed every spark of light and life in her. All left behind was a hollow darkness, her heartbeat broke the silence and alarmed the shadows\uc0{\u8230} Crawling toward her, she ran for her life\uc0{\u8230} Looking back, she heard the welcoming voice of the shadows: \uc0{\u8220}You belong here darling, you don\uc0{\u8217}t want to lose everyone and everything close to you, do you? Stay, you will be safe here!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Reminiscing the little girl and the look in her eyes at her last breath, she ran like the wind\uc0{\u8230} And wind embraced her, caressed her cheek, blew away her scarf and ran throw her hair\uc0{\u8230} She felt the wind in her hair and she never looked back again\uc0{\u8230} Feeling the warmth touch of sun on her skin, she knew she was finally free\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A twinkle in the eyes of the woman in the mirror, brought her back. Mystified, she gazed at the woman in the mirror, she soon realized that it was her own reflection. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 * Non-mahram: A person who you cannot marry in Islamic law, basically everyone except parents, grandparents, siblings, siblings of parents, spouse, children of oneself, and of course same sex (because same sex marriage is forbidden by islamic law). Women are not allowed to touch, travel or even speak freely with their non-mahrams and they need to cover every inch of their body, hair and sometimes their face in front of their non-mahrams.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Photo Credit: Boushra Almutawakel}}\par
\sect
}