{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy02\hr10\min36\sec36}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy02\hr10\min36\sec36}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The things they never tell you}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Growing up, I would hear the statement \uc0{\u8216}you\uc0{\u8217}ll understand when you\uc0{\u8217}re older \uc0{\u8216}a lot more times than I can possibly count. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t understand what that meant. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t even understand what being older meant. How would I know that I\uc0{\u8217}m now older? Did a bell ring to indicate that? Or maybe someone would tell me that I had reached the older age? These questions would run through my mind every day and I never really had the answers to them}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Believe me you, when the time to grow came, all the questions I had were suddenly answered. Life changed drastically, the world grew meaner and busier or it had always been like that and I never noticed because I was blinded by the happiness that came with childhood?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now that I\uc0{\u8217}m grown, I\uc0{\u8217}ve slowly come to terms that the world doesn\uc0{\u8217}t really care that you\uc0{\u8217}re going through a bad day, no one wants to hear about the in class you failed or the heartbreak that you\uc0{\u8217}re going through. You need to find a way to survive, survival of the fittest doesn\uc0{\u8217}t ascertain to the jungle only, it applies to the day to day life we live as humans.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There\uc0{\u8217}s no room for pity , there\uc0{\u8217}s no room to cry and complain. You just have to find a way to survive.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The things they don\uc0{\u8217}t tell you\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}