{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy31\hr22\min31\sec14}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy31\hr22\min31\sec14}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Maria woke to some demanding schedules surpassing the usual routines; the accomplishments duty of yesterday\uc0{\u8217}s house laundry distracted by }{\cf0\f0\i Mapokezi}{\cf0\f0  or cash ration distribution, the house chores, and the monthly shopping\uc0{\u8212}the greatest. It is Monday and the sky has just delivered a lively lukewarm sun. The wind seems to be also attending some apprentices and may only return to blow some cold breeze after the sun is about to rest its traverse of firing the camp.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The nearby ECD School, a throwing-stone distance from Maria\uc0{\u8217}s home is filled with noise as early as opposed to winter; children have imported the noise to school and her house will be filled with empty silence of vacuum soon. Maria gazed at the school and observed a pool of overall-green toddlers trooping into the school\uc0{\u8217}s compound with their backs laden with tinny bags; some with taut proportions while drooping in partial empty. More than half of the school\uc0{\u8217}s age is held hand by hand by parents, guardians, and older siblings while others are staggering on their own.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She, Maria stooped her head into the house, rolled the curtains to one side, and entered the room where the children sleep. \uc0{\u8220}Maji, John, wake up\uc0{\u8221} she shouted as she slightly slapped Maria sleeping in uniform on the shoulder, and John on the hip.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The children jumped to their feet and scrubbed their eyes toward the kitchen. \uc0{\u8220}Why are you sleeping like you are dead\uc0{\u8221} she questions Maji-the elder girl about five years old. She stared at John whom the family referred to as the master of evasion but reserved her words. He is a year younger than his sister and a little bit stammering. John\uc0{\u8217}s response mostly breaks him into laughter when after a long attempt of finding his tongue fails but on this occasion, he has a mouthful of water grasped in at the onset of their mom\uc0{\u8217}s interrogation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mom, our Ma\uc0{\u8217}am madam made me and my classmates sing yesterday\uc0{\u8221} Maji said. \uc0{\u8220}What about you, John? \uc0{\u8220} Maria asked. \uc0{\u8220}John was plucked out of the line by our Madam on his account of dragging behind the melody of the songs and he went playing hide-and-seek with naughty and no-sense children behind the tent blocks\uc0{\u8221} Maji intervened.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 John irritated by these accusations noted that the counter-verbal vengeance is futile but rather opened his mouth to its brims and splashed out a soaked-Colgate content to her chest. The green uniform dress quickly observed the white-yellowish frost and a sketchy patch of look-alike chicken was formed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Maji, whose name finds resonance in her softness broke into crying, cursing, and name-callings while John impetuously dashed into the house, hurriedly dressed, grabbed his little bag, keenly examined what is inside, smiled at a rarely fried potato chip lathered in margarine and tomato sausage and bravely walked away. He took the road passes behind the house with the idea that Maria would reluctantly throw him a stone from their dilapidated redbrick house standing grudgingly and plainly within the African milk-bush-fenced neighborhood.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Maria reached out to Maji and soothed her. \uc0{\u8220}Sorry my daughter, sorry! Sorry!\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Mom, how can I go to school like this? Look, Mom, this isn\uc0{\u8217}t just Water but it is a mixture of Colgate herbs and this place is turning white\uc0{\u8221} Maji replied while crying. \uc0{\u8220}Remove it, my daughter. Let me wash it, it will dry on the way. This is Tongogara heat, no matter whether the sun is pale-yellowish young or resting-reddish old, its high heat wave instantly fries all fabrics.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}Go to school, Maji, \uc0{\u8220}the future is young and promising, as said by one of our great people.\uc0{\u8221} She bid goodbye to the child as she flounced to school with a little bag stuck in her back.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Maria searched the house for her old shopping bucket. She examines the kitchen and saw it sloping with one side handle. Perhaps, some rats may have encroached on it last night but if not maybe a lizard. She knows that the mere weight of incomplete-meal dried fish can\uc0{\u8217}t make it slide from a bar of metal tightened between the wall and the iron roof. Maria wrapped her kitenge around her waist and put on a bright top. The Kitenge, an African wax print cotton fabric, is ritual women wear for morning shopping.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After slipping out, she passed close to the school and noticed so many lines of ring circles, and zigzagged lines of heads made of children of different ages in the school\uc0{\u8217}s mundane assembly that commence with the singing of the national anthem.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The school of many blocks in a fine rectangular fence of coated wire is painted all around the walk with the portraits and names of tame and wild animals, vegetables and clothes, and many other images which make no sense to her in a distance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As she overtakes the main distribution point, vivid dreams she had last night surfaced in her mind. It is such kind of terrible dreams that scare a mother because the horrific reality seems inevitable. Maria in the dream was engulfed in a staggering storm with their house\uc0{\u8217}s corroded iron roof split to one side. She and the children were overwhelmed, wailing in a disaster that only she and her husband expected.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Papa Maji crossed to the capital city, Harare to search for anything to do. Cities\uc0{\u8217} works need connection but no connection if you don\uc0{\u8217}t have a few dollars to ease the broker\uc0{\u8217}s mind and tongue. Papa Maji gave two crisp colorful ten dollars notes to his friend who informed him to come to Harare in a week after a free counter conversation took a year.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Upon his arrival, the friend told him that the shop owner, an Ethiopian man, found out that Papa Maji speaks little English though he speaks pretty Shona, which is understood by most of the city dwellers, and he can make a good shopkeeper to Shona-speaking customers\uc0{\u8212}after all, he is not the only shopkeeper in his place of work but despite those merits, the job was offered to another person on the very same morning he arrived in Harare.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Maria was worried about hopelessness and despondency. \uc0{\u8220}This dream is becoming soon, at this edge of winter winding up to a cyclone-rainy season, this will happen\uc0{\u8221}, she said to herself. She imagined the cost of the house. It is an exorbitant price, there is a need to build a new house. The cost may reach about four hundred dollars, the ten-year iron sheets and the baked bricks are no longer of any use. The house needs windows and one entrance door, timbers and wires, cement, a builder, and anything else alongside these basic demands is an unimaginable luxury.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Though papa Maji may likely raise such an amount after four months as a stand-at-the-entrance shopkeeper, after paying town rent, and transport, food but unfortunately, he is caught loitering for anything he can do indeed to find transport to make it back home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ma\uc0{\u8217}am,}{\cf0\f0\i  Karibu! Jumbo!}{\cf0\f0  \uc0{\u8220}You look worried, what is wrong? \uc0{\u8220} Maria was welcome and greeted in Swahili by one of the open-air market merchants. Swahili, Shona, and French are all languages for the market. The woman in her appearance beats twenty-five years old Maria in her fortieth. \uc0{\u8220}No problem Ma\uc0{\u8217}am, I was just making up my mind on what to buy. There are a lot of vegetables here\uc0{\u8221} Maria replied the woman who is also in a long light dress tuck-in kitenge selling her vegetables on a wooden-nail-fastened table under a rectangular flat shelter with grass on top to avert the already extreme heat.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No worries, you are here for a long happiness. I have got all kinds of vegetables you need. You can see from their leaves how fresh they are. I don\uc0{\u8217}t buy or sell two-night vegetables like other women and those little girls. I own a vegetable garden and I sell what I harvest in a day\uc0{\u8221} said the woman who has completely convinced Maria.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Maria cast her hand into the bucket but found no money, she brought the basket closer to her eyes but nothing. Goosebumps struck her but she quickly remembered that she forgot her purse at home.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Ma\uc0{\u8217}am, are you Okay\uc0{\u8221}? Maria was asked. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m fine Mom and I think I forgot the money at home\uc0{\u8221}. Maria replied. \uc0{\u8220}You think you forgot the money? Are you sure it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t picked by those layabout boys who have been starving in this market? \uc0{\u8220}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Maria turned around, heading to her home. \uc0{\u8220}Wait Ma\uc0{\u8217}am, take the vegetables and you can send a child or bring the money later. How much is your money?\uc0{\u8221} Suggested and inquired by the retailer who doesn\uc0{\u8217}t need to lose a customer with or with no money.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It is all the money, sixty dollars, Let me go Ma\uc0{\u8217}am, I will be back\uc0{\u8221}, replied Maria in hurry. The market immediately turned to a woman who brought an empty basket but returned with nothing. Some made a conclusion of the summer sun that radiates a sort of unexpected behavior in the mind of even the best normal people.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As Maria covered some stripes a distance away from the market, she know how easily a thief can enter her house with no effort. All the wooden windows and doors are termite-infested but she assured herself that her house is not attractive to thieves but it is for cyclones and then she slowed down her walk.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}