{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy26\hr13\min36\sec34}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy26\hr13\min36\sec34}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 THIS IS A SEPARATION OR DIVISION.One day my parents decided to sell the house where we were staying in Bel Air Square and move to Golf Square because my father found that we stayed there for many years and he wanted to change the location. When we shifted, I never knew that we could be living near a certain family with a girl called Rose. When we arrived at Golf Square my family and I were used to going to a supermarket called Allilac in our square for all domestic needs, and as most of the time we were used to going there and became familiar with the place, then little by little we started building a good relationship with people around and this is where I met Rose\uc0{\u8217}s family because they were going to the same supermarket as well. And this was the time I met Rose and we started to build a good friendship as neighbors and became friends later.After some months I discovered that Rose\uc0{\u8217}s family was also going to the same supermarket and this made us spend some time together with Rose\uc0{\u8217}s family and made me connected to them as sometimes they invited me to join them for some different receptions at their home place.But I never knew that her mum also was there with them because most of the time she was absent at home, the same with their father who was working far away for a certain mining company. And one day when I asked them why their mum and dad most of the time they are absent? They told me that the reason for their absence was business,Rose and I spent much time together because of the attraction that was between us, slowly we started loving each other but no one could declare his flame. On my side, I thought that she was young, and I was supposed to wait a bit, the other side I was fearing that I was not ready for that because of some priorities I had like my studies and other plans. Sometimes I thought that if I told his Dad he would blame me, or discourage me because she was a student at the secondary school. This situation delayed for years, but we were seeing each other as if we were in the same square.I remember that things became serious after her two sisters Techanga and Juliana ended up with her secondary school before her, and her mum decided to bring them to Malawi as refugees with Obraine, and Alexy. The reason why they went to Malawi was to look for a better future because in DR Congo life was very difficult as politicians misunderstood growth and affected the country then the economy collapsed, opportunities for young people disappeared, tribe conflict rose, and insecurity also grew in the country, and this is why Rose\uc0{\u8217}s parents sent them to Malawi.I knew all of this after years because when that happened I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t interested in knowing those details, as during that time I was very busy with my studies and other plans like anybody who could have a dream for his future.When Rose\uc0{\u8217}s sisters left the country Rose was sadly affected by their absence and during those circumstances, we started being very close because I wanted her to feel safe and loved, to have someone close to her every day to support her. During that time our love started growing until we decided to talk with his parents and show it openly to everyone in our families. Later we got married and by God\uc0{\u8217}s grace. After our wedding, we decided to leave the country for the same reason as Rose\uc0{\u8217}s sisters left, live in my country became difficult with; rent, bills, food, transport, and other domestic stuff, and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t make it. After discussing it with my wife we got just one option: leaving the country, but we didn\uc0{\u8217}t know where to go. After some weeks my wife went to see her mum and while they were talking shared the idea of leaving the country with her mum, her mum was excited and wanted us to join Teshanga, Juliana, Obraine, and Alex who went to Malawi as refugees looking for a possibility of going to America for a better life.So, when my wife came back home and explained what they discussed, to my side, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t hesitate to accept to join them and this is what my wife and I did after six-month lale we went to Malawi by the road we crossed Zambia and spent two days in Lusaka as we were waiting for the person who supposed to brought us in Malawi, and when he arrived in Lusaka we took a bus and went in Malawi, we passed by Mutshinji, then Lilongwe, and Dzaleka camp which is the refugee Homeplace where they welcomed us by my family In-law. I don\uc0{\u8217}t remember the day but not the date, in July 2015, during the afternoon time.When we arrived in the beginning, the first impression, everything looked perfect, we found a union family with joy and happiness. We had fun being together, sharing stories, remembering the past years when we were together at Lubumbashi in DR Congo, and we shared it when we were eating together or watching TV. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know that beyond that union family there was a serious conflict between my sisters In-law until discovered that Teshanga and Juliana had a conflict.Teshanga had fallen in love with a married man called Shela and later made him his husband and let it be her mother when she got pregnant. This caused a misunderstanding between Teshanga and Juliana because for Juliana it was a shame to see their elder sister in such a situation, which no one could imagine. that happening in the family! According to our culture; a girl can\uc0{\u8217}t take a married man to be yours. That is why since that day contradiction and division started in the family. People can\uc0{\u8217}t even eat together, watch TV together, or pray together. But when they informed them that my wife and I were coming to Malawi to join them; they acted like they were a union family.So, later in the same period, I found that; Juliana fell in love with a man who was younger than her and his name was Serge. So Juliana\uc0{\u8217}s boyfriend Serge used to come to my family-in-law\uc0{\u8217}s house and spend all day there repeatedly and on certain days he slept in Juliana\uc0{\u8217}s young brother Alex\uc0{\u8217}s bad room and during the night went into the kitchen by himself looking for food, later this becomes a habit for him, but Teshanga didn\uc0{\u8217}t know that until the night that she wanted to dring water and went to the kitchen, then she found Serge in the kitchen eating in the pan while in our culture a man who wants to marry a girl he doesn\uc0{\u8217}t have the right to enter in his family In-law\uc0{\u8217}s kitchen especially during the night and take food, that is not a blessing!Techanga found Serge eating meals in the saucepan in the kitchen, Techanga got very hungry and blamed him and said, you have not the right to enter the family-in-law kitchen in the middle of the night! this is not your home place where you can do whatever you want! Because you\uc0{\u8217}re not officially married to my sister Juliana!Our parents are unknown to you. She added and said, this is the last time, don\uc0{\u8217}t come here again because you\uc0{\u8217}re not welcome in this house. So, when Juliana heard what her sister told his lover, she got angry with Techanga and said: you can\uc0{\u8217}t say that to my love, if you want him to leave this place, me too I will leave this place. Today I consider myself as I don\uc0{\u8217}t have a place where to sleep, and I\uc0{\u8217}m leaving this house. Techanga and Juliana got into a misunderstanding and conflict, that day Juliana decided to leave the house and went somewhere in the camp not far but just around to stay with his lover because she considered him already as his husband I guess.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Obraine and his brother Alex were fighting every week because of the way Obraine considered Alex as a small boy, and when there was something to discuss or talking, it was difficult for Obraine to show some respect or consideration to his brother while Alex was already 17 years old I think, this made him very sad and angry with her sister Obraine. Later that behaviour brought a fight between them, and conflict. My home place was near my family-in-law\uc0{\u8217}s square and every single day when I went to visit them; most of the time I found problems there, discussions, fights, and sometimes because of food, money, or simple things that people can treat quickly and find a solution. But for them that was impossible and always contradictions and sometimes Teshanga called them and gave some bits of advice, but even though misunderstandings happened repeatedly between them. I was asking myself; why this in my family-in-law?Years later, as they were in the resettlement process from the UNCHR, they were selected to end up with the last step of the process. I mean my three sisters and their brother Alex to go abroad to the US, that was great news in the family and when Obraine went to see Juliana and told her about it she was very excited, she even agreed to come back home. My mother-in-law also went back to the camp and they had time to put down everything, their differences, misunderstandings, and conflicts. She gave them a lot of pieces of advice about being a good family, I also found out that my mother-in-law was hiding all of this from my father-in-law because during that time I never heard something from him and I know why. I think the advice wasn\uc0{\u8217}t enough because of what happened later.Malawian and US governments agreed to give them the USA as their third country of refuge, and after two months by God\uc0{\u8217}s grace they finished the process and they went to America.My side when that happened I thought like now it is OK, there will be no more misunderstanding and conflict between them because the new lifestyle will change everything for all. But I was wrong! Because after three months things became worse again, with the same character, behavior, and ego as they were here in the camp. Everyone wanted to be free instead of living as one family and they even refused to stay in the same town, everyone wanted to leave and search for a place where to live and start his own life.Days later we started receiving just accusations from one another through the phone calls of accusations, and that was very sad!I was thinking and asking myself a question; how this be possible for people who share the same blood, from the same family? However I realized that parents were not present in their daily lives, it was even difficult for their mum to find a good way to resolve problems while they were with us here in the camp as she was busy with his business, always when she came to visit us; that was for a very short time and during that few time she wanted to resolve everything and go. But that never worked reason why today the family is separated, but same time I think that they are divided for life.Today I realised that parents\uc0{\u8217}s presence in daily children\uc0{\u8217}s lives is very important.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}