{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy21\hr17\min24\sec20}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy21\hr17\min24\sec20}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 June started up the car\uc0{\u8217}s engine and reversed from the bay. She rounded the open area they called Pleasance, where girls in attendance waited to be collected. She recalled the sister school in the south of England, for which they regularly give thanks. Before the booth she brought the car to a stop and waited for the security guard to open the gate, while the electric fence that ran the length of the school\uc0{\u8217}s perimeter ticked and hummed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She turned left and then right. The road was relatively quiet. It was a Saturday afternoon and so without the usual throng of traffic. On either side of her were the barbed walls. Litter floated and then settled in the curb and on the pavement. She hovered at a notorious intersection, before turning away from the city centre, away from the tower, away from the mine dumps.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Driving in the direction of Killarney, the suburb where Sofia lived, June opened up the sunroof and passenger window. Wind whipped into the car. She flicked on the radio to the afternoon news. The rolling blackouts, the electricity supply commission and its troubles. She changed the channel, eager to keep her bubble intact.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At a red light, a man stepped suddenly in front of her car, hurling brown soapy water from a handled plastic bottle onto the windscreen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}No, no, I don\uc0{\u8217}t want my windscreen washed,\uc0{\u8221} June protested, but he was already wiping the glass down with a window cleaner in long, sweeping motions. The traffic light was still red as she rummaged in her bag for loose change and then in the cubby hole between the seats. The man wiped the excess brown water from the windscreen with a grubby looking towel. She found some coins and handed them to him just as the light turned green.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At the grand old complex belonging to Sofia\uc0{\u8217}s parents, June pulled up on the curb and parked. She got out of the car and locked it before buzzing the intercom and announcing herself to the security guard. The gate swung open and crashed into a bush of agapanthus. The beleaguered flowers withstood the blow, though the stalks had drooped and sagged from the countless blows before.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 June bent to collect a few lilac petals that lay scattered across the brick path leading up to the marble steps. She loved the way they fell across the path, the way they would look when pressed in her journal alongside her handwriting. She\uc0{\u8217}d journaled since childhood, when the English teacher Mr S. came across her pages tucked into her comprehension workbook. He made a point of telling her she had some talent with words. Rather than feeling chagrin that he had rummaged through her private notes without permission, she felt a kind of pleasure. The thought of Mr. S paging through her notebook and becoming absorbed in what he found there was flattering. She\uc0{\u8217}d hoped he would ask to see her work again. She\uc0{\u8217}d continued noting, collecting, pressing. When he didn\uc0{\u8217}t inquire after her writing again, the sight of her quixotic script, her saccharine pressed flowers, embarrassed and ashamed her. She considered stopping the journal altogether before she realised she\uc0{\u8217}d grown to rely on the practice. It allowed her to give form to her thoughts, to make sense of a world that felt otherworldly, constituted by a stark combination of shelter and exposure.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With the petals in her journal, June climbed the short flight of marble steps and passed through the palatial entrance, sharing a brief exchange with the security guard.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Hello Junie,\uc0{\u8221} the guard said, smiling openly at her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She panicked when she realised she\uc0{\u8217}d forgotten his name. She\uc0{\u8217}d spent most weekends at Sofia\uc0{\u8217}s during school, had walked past the man countless times. She remembered that he was from Zimbabwe. They had had a conversation about this before. His family in Plumtree. When he would see them next.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Hello,\uc0{\u8221} she said, stopping on the sea of black and white tiles. \uc0{\u8220}Nice to see you again.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We miss you here,\uc0{\u8221} he said. \uc0{\u8220}You must come and visit more often, like you used to.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yes, I really should. Life is busy, now that we\uc0{\u8217}re out of school.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Many changes,\uc0{\u8221} he replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She took the flight of stairs up to the second floor and walked the length of the wide, open air passageway towards the apartment. Below and to her left, the courtyard was a wash of purple, the haze of the jacarandas interrupted now and then by slender lines of silver birches. At the end of the passageway Sofia\uc0{\u8217}s father, Luca, was waiting to let her inside. The dog, Rosie, barked as she approached.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Are you ok?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m fine, just a sore stomach.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You look pale, come in for a cup of tea.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The living room was inviting and warm. Sofia\uc0{\u8217}s mother, Gabrielle, traded in antique and contemporary furniture and so the apartment dual-functioned as a showroom. A crushed mohair chaise longue stood beside a half-open bay window. An Nguni hide stretched across the parquetry upon which stood a glass-topped nouveau coffee table with a voluptuous arrangement of flowers cascading from a vase. The built-in bookcases held titles on art from the continent.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Luca invited her to sit down on the couch, though he didn\uc0{\u8217}t take a seat himself. Instead, he hovered awkwardly at the doorway to his study. She considered inviting him to sit down but stopped herself when she realised this might be strange. She often caught Luca looking at her. His expression was changeable, moving like a shifting sky, from hungry to sheepish.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Rosie jumped up to sit on the couch beside her. June ran her fingers along ridge of Rosie\uc0{\u8217}s back, whispering to her, \uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s ok girl, that\uc0{\u8217}s ok, you\uc0{\u8217}re ok.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For years, June had watched her mother soothe the animals she kept, out near Kya Sands, in the north of the city. Her mother lived alone on a piece of land large enough for a ramshackle stable and near enough to an area where she could ride. June\uc0{\u8217}s parents had divorced when she was fourteen and her father had moved out to White River before he died. He worked for a small lodge as a guide. She often worried about him, living out in the bush. He had always been an adrenaline junkie, upsetting June\uc0{\u8217}s mother by stalking black rhino with June on his shoulders. Once they had been charged and he\uc0{\u8217}d thrown June up into a tree before hurling himself behind a tangle of thorn bushes. The rhino crashed through the thickets, looking for them blindly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When he was still alive, she\uc0{\u8217}d called her father often and waited for him to ask about her life. He never did. She both loved and dreaded going out to the lodge, where he\uc0{\u8217}d take her on long game drives at dawn. He drove the large vehicle through the bush, confident and at ease, like she never saw him in the city. She watched him reach for his binoculars, summon birds with uncanny imitations of their calls. In the city, he lay around crumpled on the couch, depressed and unable to hold down a job.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After he died, she began spending more and more time at Sofia\uc0{\u8217}s. Being around her mother\uc0{\u8217}s grief was overwhelming and didn\uc0{\u8217}t leave any space for own. Her father had gone out for a walk, they said. They found his vehicle parked by a dried-up pan. Months passed. Gradually, they accepted that he was gone but his uncanny disappearance sat lodged in her throat. The night terrors of that winter woke her with the conviction that she was her father. She looked down at her hands and saw his. When she came to and realised anew that he was gone, she felt hollow. She no longer wanted to live but she was afraid to die.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sofia\uc0{\u8217}s apartment became a kind of shelter. She felt shielded there, as if temporarily cordoned off from her deferred grief, from the city of Johannesburg, the city that had always stirred her to nervousness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}An anxious city,\uc0{\u8221} her father had called it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hettie entered the living room, tea steeping in a bone china cup. She wore a combination of uniform and regular clothes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Here\uc0{\u8217}s your tea, June,\uc0{\u8221} Hettie said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 June muttered a thank you to Hettie, feeling as if she should say, you didn\uc0{\u8217}t have to do this.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At Sofia\uc0{\u8217}s, Hettie performed these sorts of labours\uc0{\u8212}the preparation of tea, the cooking of meals. She cared for Sofia in the fashion required of motherhood, long outsourced by Gabrielle. When June had asked Hettie about her own children, she\uc0{\u8217}d produced an image on her phone\uc0{\u8212}a little girl in a taffeta dress, crouching on the ground. In the background, the verdant subtropical green, the paw paw trees and frangipani petals around the dome of the girl\uc0{\u8217}s dress.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 June slid one of the scatter cushions below her and pressed it into her stomach. She took a kind pleasure in this tangible pain, so limited and definitive in comparison to the dark and limitless loss that hovered around her. Every now and then, she lifted herself up from the couch to take a sip of tea. The pain grew sharper and sharper into climax. From here on, it would ease, it would fade.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The long passageway extending between the living and bedroom area was lined with family portraits and watercolours of various cities, far-flung and exotic. June turned right at the end of the passageway and into Sofia\uc0{\u8217}s room.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She didn\uc0{\u8217}t think of Sofia\uc0{\u8217}s as situated, as belonging to Johannesburg, unlike her mother\uc0{\u8217}s property, where the electrified fence seemed nonetheless porous to the clamour of the surroundings and where the interior seemed to be vacant of history, swept clean of habitation. Despite this soulless interior, her mother\uc0{\u8217}s felt insistently of the city, with its faux Italian architecture and the tawdry wildlife photography that hung on its walls. Sofia\uc0{\u8217}s had a quality of detachment, a ruinous aspect. It was as if the apartment block stood outside of time and history. Its heritage was indignantly worn, even now, after everything the country had seen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 June decided to take a bath. She sat on the rim of the claw-footed bathtub and drew water from the taps. She searched for the rubber plug which she found, white and calcified, behind some empty bottles of soap and shampoo. She waited for the tub to fill, feeling a vague longing. She swept up her hair and climbed in. The water clung to her body. She was missing something, someone\uc0{\u8212}home, Nick, Sofia. Her father.}}\par
\sect
}