{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy29\hr21\min37\sec43}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy29\hr21\min37\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Thunderstorms}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 2019 was such a monstrous year for me. This is the year that i lost the most precious person in my life. A year which i will never forget in my entire life. When i remember about that year, i get sleepless nights full of nightmares. It all happened so fast than we ever imagined. I was brought up by my grandmother ever since i was 4 years old. Thats when i separated from my mother and fled to Uganda due to the threats and insecurities we encountered from my father\uc0{\u8217}s family. She single-handedly raised my siblings and i. In May 2017, we went and lived in Nairobi because on the insecurities we received in kakuma refugee camp. We went to Nairobi to run for our lives.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In June 2019, my grand mother fell ill. She was 67 years by then. We were still in Nairobi. I was in campus by then pursuing my bachelors in social work. I was in my third year. We all got worried and afraid. We did not have any money to take her to the hospital. We approached UNHCR and they helped us. They took her for treatment in a hospital called Mbagathi National Hospital. After conducting check ups, the doctors told us that she is diabetic. In that hospital, they had a rule that no person is supposed to sleep there. You only go during the day then leave in the evening. They had nurses who takes care of the patients. So we went and visited her in the morning.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The situation she was in made tears crawl down my checks. She was in a bad condition. We fed her and stayed with her showing her love and support and indeed we loved her so much. We left in the evening. The next day when we came we were told that she got a head injury. They said that at night, she tried to get up to get some water for drinking. That\uc0{\u8217}s were she fell down on the flow from the bed and hit her head. They told us its nothing serious. So we did not worry that much about the injury but deep inside I was not okay. I was very afraid that this could result into other complications later. We stayed till evening and went home. The next day the doctors called us and told us the situation is worsening. The head injury developed into something critical. They found out that blood is not flowing to the brain. There has been a blockage caused by the injury. So they demanded 500$ for surgery. We were so shocked and asking ourselves where we would get such kind of money. We went back to UNHCR with all the medical reports but they said they do not have budget for that. We tried to organize fundraising from friends and neighbors but the only amount we could raise was 150$. This really hurt me a lot.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Day by day my grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s condition was getting worse. Unfortunately the doctors in the entire country conducted demonstrations over less salary by the government. All the doctors from the public health facilities. This means that all the public health facilities had to be closed. We were forced to take her back home regardless of her worse condition. We felt betrayed and not loved either by friends or UNHCR.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At home, the only thing that we thought we got are prayers. We were praying every day and night. Staying closer to her and taking care of her in any way that we could. By the end of June, she became numb. Could not hear, talk, or feel anything. That\uc0{\u8217}s how the situation came down to. The hospitals were still closed. No money to take her to a private hospital. We were crying whenever we could look at her. Tears were just dropping from her eyes. We felt like there are many things she would love to tell us but wasn\uc0{\u8217}t in a position to.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On Friday 29th of June at 5am (EAT) my grandmother died. We were asleep by then. So my mother woke us up and told us that she is not moving. We were all heartbroken. Living with regrets till now. That\uc0{\u8217}s how I lost my grandmother, my hero. That day I felt like thunderstorms were crashing in my heart. It was my most emotional damage moment in my life because she was everything to me due to the struggles and sacrifices she endured so that I can stay alive.}}\par
\sect
}