{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy22\hr05\min41\sec10}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy22\hr05\min41\sec10}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Till we meet again brother\uc0{\u8230}!Perhaps, yes hope dies last. As a music junkie the weekend was another routine experience. I attended a concert in the capacity of a showbiz reporter. This one as headlined by the biggest artists in the country did not fail living up to its top billing. What I returned home with were not the awaited reviews but testimony that good will always outdo the bad. It is more functional to society having more people who mean no harm even in desperate circumstances.As we jostled our way out of the giant venue in our thousands, it is a safe bet that everyone hastily needed to be home and grab a warm cup of coffee. It had been a typical winter night. The chilly weather is however, bottom of the priorities in this case. The outside of the arena is often preyed by dangerous specie of human beings who take advantage of the haste in crowded places. They also wait in corners if you are a pedestrian trying to get a ride home. You ought to be careful.It was not my first time in that hoax. It is a work related hazard that everyone in this line of profession is aware.Zipped up the right pocket where my most prized possessions were stuffed. Including the $20 stipend I had received from one of my clients meant for the night taxi. I took that as an extravagant thing to do and instead dared walking to the commuter omnibuses.Enroute, a chubby and dark guy approached me from the sidewalk asking if I had any cigarette. He did not look as any of those street urchins with his civility. He carried with him a sack where he stocks picked waste from the drainages.As it happens, I always have one. I put my act together and touched the inside of my pockets to check if the tobacco was still with me. There it was, in its broken state. I swiftly handed him and at the sound of a lighter we also flamed out the tension.The next episode was a generous trade of pleasantries as we charged down to nearly the same destination. How amusing can things get?Obey was his name and in alleys of the Avenues suburb of Harare is where he resides. It was at our convenience that we both had prolonged days in the CBD at such an odd hour. Obey prayed that I would not notice the life he was enduring. I meant to tell him I write stories for the media but his bubble got better of the moment. He happens to be a creative entrepreneur whose artistry gets jinxed in mere articulation. Hence, the conclusion that he is an artist who yearns for an opportunity to express. I had the patience to listen as he promised that the next time I will meet him \uc0{\u8216}things\uc0{\u8217} would be different.At that pace, we were approaching the first terminus where he stopped and threw away the cigarette filter to the ground. I still had my way to the second terminus which is barely distant. The severe cold raced our departing remarks. The excitement had braved the severely cold night and the tremendous fear of getting mugged in the streets.\uc0{\u8220}Have a nice journey Takudzwa\uc0{\u8221} Obey said at the end. I bundled a fist with my right hand in fashion which he complied and extended his for what is colloquially referred \uc0{\u8216}big up\uc0{\u8217}. It is a renowned harmonic gesture of love, peace and unity.So, in the midst of any storm we might all have the ability to make it calm. This was my glimmer of hope that humanity can be restored in the face of our representation or lack of it therefore.}\par
\sect
}