{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy05\hr12\min29\sec20}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy05\hr12\min29\sec20}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was Imma\uc0{\u8217}s first day at school as a teacher at Tirikwi High School and she was eager to prove her mark in front of students and fellow teachers. Imma has been a student leader at Zoe State University and led demonstrations asking the military government governing Zoe to fall aside. Her fiery words, anger, eloquent speeches and dare-do courage had earned her the title of the very best student rights leader the country of Zoe had ever seen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But Imma was in a dilemma. Boys chatted among themselves that she was the prettiest student leader that had ever walked the campus of Zoe State University. Though Imma enjoyed such adulation, it had never got to her head. For her, the drive to topple the government was a bigger mission than any romance. Whilst all her classmates found varsity boyfriends, some even dating married men, Imma never fell in love during the four years of her undergraduate chemistry degree. She was hot and single and that it was improper to dedicate away the best years of one\uc0{\u8217}s beauty to anti-government protests, her sisters said. But Imma would not be moved, in her brains, beauty and mission.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tirikwi School was one of the most prestigious high schools in the capital city but it was known as a docile place where the children of the well-off and their highly-paid teachers were not really interested in taking part in politics or disrupting the status quo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ll disrupt this school, awaken the rich to the plight of the terrible government ruling over us,\uc0{\u8221} Imma told Zebediah, her newly closest friend at Tirikwi School. Imma was brimming with the fire of political disruption and vowing that Tirikwi School will never be the same again now that she had landed her foot there. \uc0{\u8220}Shake the school a little bit, I\uc0{\u8217}ll shake this school a little upside,\uc0{\u8221} she said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Zebediah smiled, not nodding or shaking his head away but simply smiling at Imma. Zebediah was 44, Imma, 26. He told her he had been at Tirikwi School for 15 years as an accounts teacher and had never seen zeal from teachers and pupils to take part in nationwide anti-government riots. It baffled him too, \uc0{\u8216}but I understand,\uc0{\u8217} he said calmly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You understand docile people who never lift a finger?\uc0{\u8221} Imma, true to her overzealous posture, asked Zebediah whilst they were sitting inside in his work car \uc0{\u8211} the brand newToyota supplied to long-serving teachers by the school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Zebediah nodded, smiled sheepishly, and told her again, \uc0{\u8216}But I understand\uc0{\u8217}. Zebediah was married, father of two teenage sons, he had told Imma on the day she was first found a job at Tirikwi School. His wife was \uc0{\u8216}somewhere\uc0{\u8217} he said without exactly revealing the overseas country. He and his wife were still in good books but he was not sure if the marriage still made sense after seven years of living in a different countries, he said. At Tirikwi, Zebediah was one of the most senior teachers, entrusted with managing the accounts education department. He lived in decent accommodation, a four-bedroom cottage house provided by the school and kept a car bought by the school for him again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Imma looked at Zebediah. He was handsome, young for his age and his teenage sons gave him no trouble. Imma like to spend time with Zebediah, and soon she was cooking for him once, and ultimately started sleeping at his house every Saturday.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Imma didn\uc0{\u8217}t waste time trying to organize political awareness at Tirikwi School but she found no one largely eager to ally with her anti-government talks, or protest meetings. Everyone appeared lukewarm and uninterested in her zeal. \uc0{\u8220}They think your zeal for politics is alien to their culture,\uc0{\u8221} Zebediah told her one Sunday morning when they were in bed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Each time, Imma tried to give a politics lecture in the school square, only a handful of students, about ten assembled and two secret police officers who suprisingly appeared to know of her plans. \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}re not so clever \uc0{\u8211} desist from your subversive ideas,\uc0{\u8221} the officers warned.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Thinks got so suspicious that on a night when Imma and just two students from her class took night candles and attempted to march silently to picket at the office of a government minister who was considered the most corrupt in all of Zoe Republic. They were barely out of the school gates with their unlight candles when two secret police officers ambushed them and beat them to a pulp. \uc0{\u8220}You\uc0{\u8217}ll learn the hard way, and stop using young students for your nefarious zeal,\uc0{\u8221} the officers mouthed off when they were vanishing into the darkness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With their bones and will broken, Imma gather her students, apologized for the misfortune that had fallen them. \uc0{\u8220}But how did they exactly know of our march to the minister\uc0{\u8217}s office, mum?\uc0{\u8221} wondered a student of his who had volunteered to accompany Imma.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Imma dusted off her bruised elbows. \uc0{\u8220}That\uc0{\u8217}s the grand question I\uc0{\u8217}m asking myself too,\uc0{\u8221} she said. When she arrived home, Zebediah had run a warm bath for her, and prepared chicken soup and spinach for her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He hugged her, \uc0{\u8220}Will you marry me tonight Imma? You\uc0{\u8217}ll\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Imma coughed and looked at her sternly in the eye, \uc0{\u8220}With these bruises? It\uc0{\u8217}s all you mean to want to ask me?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Zebediah kneeled, wanting to kiss her elbows accidentally allowing Imma to view the SMS message flashing across his cellphone. \uc0{\u8220}My Imma, I have never felt for a woman like I do for you,\uc0{\u8221} he said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Imma brushed her aside and snooped at the contents of his cellphone\uc0{\u8217}s message. Right there! }{\cf0\f0\i \uc0{\u8216}Job done, culprits beaten thoroughly\uc0{\u8217} }{\cf0\f0 the message from one of the secret police officers appeared on Zebediah\uc0{\u8217}s cellphone. He frantically tried to delete the message but Imma had seen it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She clapped her hard twice on the cheek and kicked away her soup bowl and romance flowers. \uc0{\u8220}So you\uc0{\u8217}re the secret police mole, Zebediah, oh my Lord!\uc0{\u8221} cried Imma, foraging through the bedroom, gathering her clothes and suitcase.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At last, one of Zebediah\uc0{\u8217}s teenage sons, who had fallen out with his father badly, opened up to Imma. Tirikwi School was an affluent school packed with kids of Zoe Republic\uc0{\u8217}s rulers \uc0{\u8211} and spied like Zebediah. Zebedian was a special spy, trained to live away from his wife and seduce young politically active female teachers who came to Tirikwi School. His mission was double-faced: either seduce firebrand female teachers until the grip of illicit romance watered down their zeal for political activism. If romance failed, Zebediah\uc0{\u8217}s tactic was to leak the political and activism plans of outspoken female teachers and get the secret police to brutalize them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}