{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy04\hr13\min17\sec55}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy04\hr13\min17\sec55}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Last year, I met a guy who was studying at Catholic University here in Malawi. After being friends for a long time, we started dating. This guy was a good and loving person, and I loved him very much. He also loved me. When he went home during the holidays, I was surprised when he told me, \uc0{\u8221}Babe, don\uc0{\u8217}t call me after 10 PM because my parents don\uc0{\u8217}t allow me to be on the phone at that time.\uc0{\u8221} I was surprised that a grown man like him could be restricted from using the phone after 10 PM, but I just said, \uc0{\u8221}Okay.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then, one day, I decided to call him after 10 PM. Imagine, his wife answered the phone and started getting angry. I apologized and told her I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know he was married, but she didn\uc0{\u8217}t listen. She threatened me. I tried to apologize, but she didn\uc0{\u8217}t care. She took my number and started calling me, insulting me and saying all sorts of things. But I didn\uc0{\u8217}t respond. I just blocked her and her husband and all the numbers they were using.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a week, I received a message from a new number. It was the wife of the guy I was dating, telling me she wanted to give me their home address so that I could come to their house if I ever needed anything in the future. She continued apologizing, but I was done trying to reason with her, so I just said, \uc0{\u8221}Okay.\uc0{\u8221} However, I told her that if I had knowingly dated her husband, everything they planned against me should happen to me, but if I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know, they would see the consequences themselves. I tried to apologize because I knew that anything they did to bewitch me would return to them, but the woman didn\uc0{\u8217}t listen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After four weeks, I started feeling severe headaches, and at home, it seemed like I had been cursed since childhood to protect my body from witchcraft. When the headaches worsened, I told my dad. He used his medicine and realized that the woman was the one behind it. My dad asked me why I was dating a married man. I apologized because I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know he was married.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My dad decided to send the curse back to the woman, but I told him not to, that she was just bitter, and he should only punish the man so he wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t do this again. The things the wife wanted to do to me ended up happening to her husband instead. He went insane, and my best friend from school called to tell me that my ex had gone mad. When I saw his picture, I cried and told my dad to release him. Now he\uc0{\u8217}s fine and happy with his wife.}}\par
\sect
}