{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy28\hr12\min22\sec15}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy28\hr12\min22\sec15}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Carter\uc0{\u8217}s journey to the NFL was filled with obstacles that would have broken a lesser man. He didn\uc0{\u8217}t expect it to be easy, but he just didn\uc0{\u8217}t think he would find it this hard. As a black person in America, he faced discrimination at every achievable turn. Some of his teammates and coaches refused to acknowledge his talent, seeing him as nothing more than a token player who had been included to meet quotas. Others went out of their way to make him feel unwelcome, belittling him with cruel words and dismissive gestures. Now this seems to be an extreme example of negatives, but it was personal and it made sense that he felt that way, because it\uc0{\u8217}s easy to hold on to things that hurt}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But Carter refused to be deterred. He knew that he had the talent and the drive to succeed, and he was determined to prove his worth on the field. He spent countless hours in the weight room and on the field, pushing himself to the limits of his endurance. He studied film obsessively, analyzing every play and every move of his opponents. And he practiced tirelessly, honing his skills until he was the best player he could be.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Yet despite all his hard work, the\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}instititutional discrimination never let up. Fans hurled racial slurs and insults at him during games they would lose, and he was subjected to cruel jokes and snide remarks from some of his fellow players. The weight of these insults weighed heavily on Carter\uc0{\u8217}s soul, threatening to break his spirit. But he refused to let them win. He channeled his pain and frustration into his game, using it as fuel to drive him forward. He pushed himself harder than ever before, determined to show everyone that he belonged in the NFL.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And slowly but surely, his hard work began to pay off. He earned the respect of his teammates and coaches with his talent and dedication, and he emerged as a leader on and off the field. His performance spoke for itself, and he quickly became one of the most valuable players on his team.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Through it all, Carter never forgot the struggles he had faced as a black person in the NFL. But he refused to let those struggles define him. Instead, he used them as motivation to push himself to new heights, proving to everyone that he was more than just a token player \uc0{\u8211} he was a force to be reckoned with.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now this is a made up story with a moral. Let no one define your limits. Let no one stop you when you really want and yearn for something. It might be really tough and things might seem to be going in the opposite way of what you\uc0{\u8217}re trying to accomplish. But never give up. Where there\uc0{\u8217}s will there\uc0{\u8217}s way. Where there\uc0{\u8217}s a horizon, there\uc0{\u8217}s hope for the sun. Life is the ultimate gift and we only live once. We must pursue our ultimate purpose and passions, cause if we don\uc0{\u8217}t, who will ? We have to push forth, that\uc0{\u8217}s our only option and hope.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A reflection of discrimination overcast this story. As much as we would want to stay in a perfect world, sadly that can\uc0{\u8217}t be true. We live in a world of differences and truth be told, some of these barriers hold us back. With time, I believe that things will change for the betterment of the human race. But whatever the current situation is, we still need to push forward and do things to the best of our abilities. The world rewards those who work and deny themself, consistently and constantly. We have to chase our dreams, nomatter the set backs. We have to, because dreams are all we have.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}