{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy16\hr20\min13\sec23}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy16\hr20\min13\sec23}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why didn\uc0{\u8217}t you come to me? I had the precious hat for you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why expecting me?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In front of me was a delicious meat preventing me from attaining you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You did a lot of effort. Grateful for the comfort and hope found in books}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Through you The Lord gave us a new version of golden fishing hooks}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So long did you wait for other skirts not only a bunch of trousers reaching you,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 but also skirts not like me I escaped from you due to loosening light on my steps.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Had that passion of achieving you; your bridge was broken stolen}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By those identified as \uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160} In reality, they are \uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That made me not cross so many times you could call.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Believe me, once you give a nod to my brothers and sisters\uc0{\u8217} innovations to untie knots}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 you can make it true}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A true bridge to learning including the change you want to see}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Wait for a second! Don\uc0{\u8217}t get me wrong, Sir.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Taking it too hard boys\uc0{\u8217} hearts bleeding too bad}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Level up both boy girl fair shake favor}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You said let\uc0{\u8217}s make women and men for others}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To become women, we are first girls among devastators}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This is the time some are taken by lipsticks, HDs then rings follow}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Forsaking PhDs desired to appeal simple}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They said we become stubborn with PhDs on our lips}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We meant we are angels when born worldly bones alternate worthy into good-for-nothing genes}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You showed me the path, not the math to calculate the right temperature}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now my neighbor lied to me saying it is cold}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Instead, it was hot look at me wearing a coat}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Look at me it\uc0{\u8217}s too hot I can\uc0{\u8217}t handle it}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Just because I\uc0{\u8217}ve got two hearts and four lungs within me}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A leopard never changes its spots}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 spots of righteousness tangible virtue in my thoughts}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Only do you dare expect to welcome her on the peak of this hill}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Having no strong wings}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tired of trying}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tied by the legs}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}You can\uc0{\u8217}t go higher}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All of them tried to sing the same song}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 let it sink unsung\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Said the shame of precedents in the community}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Believe me, once you give a nod to my brothers and sisters\uc0{\u8217} innovations to untie knots}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 you can make it happen}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A true bridge to learning including the change you want to see}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Wait for a second! Don\uc0{\u8217}t get me wrong, Sir.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Taking it too hard boys\uc0{\u8217} hearts bleeding too bad}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Level up both boy girl fair shake favor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You said let\uc0{\u8217}s make women and men for others}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I say consider this elevator pitch provided by these boys and girls}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Many thanks to the Sky!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And to His instruments you\uc0{\u8217}ll get your rewards.}}\par
\sect
}