{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy19\hr19\min45\sec41}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy19\hr19\min45\sec41}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stephen Pech Gai }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 17 October 2022}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tongogara Refugee Camp, Zimbabwe. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tongogara Refugee Camp, one of the Climate-shock-prone areas of Chipinge District is acutely facing the catastrophe of climate change. The strong heat wave accompanied by drought and yearly cyclones make the place a climate change hotshot with many persons of concern striving to eke a living out of the climate-nurtured livelihoods.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}As change weather devastates our biodiversity, nothing will get goats going in the face of Climate-induced disasters with no urgent meaningful response to save all beings that depend on this planet\uc0{\u8221} James, a concerned camp resident.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Samuel, a goat herder in his mundane routines: trudges behind a long line of goats combing sparsely bushes in a desperate search for food out of scorched and decimated vegetation at the perimeter of the Camp and expressed his concern for lack of a further option to sustain his family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}This is the only place we meet with those who earn a living out of cutting trees for charcoal\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}we know the vegetation is disappearing and I will eventually lose my famishing herd to starvation but I can\uc0{\u8217}t complain because, in our community, we also face energy shortage and this bush sustains us all\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sam, a young school boy who finds part-time to look after the family\uc0{\u8217}s goats doesn\uc0{\u8217}t rest as his goats meander across the bush rampaging for non-available green leaves.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I carry this little container of water whenever I leave home with the goats\uc0{\u8221}, said Sam, pointing at 5 liters of Jerican insulated with a dark blanket to keep the water cold. \uc0{\u8220}It doesn\uc0{\u8217}t last two hours before the water steam out hot, he added.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sam is not the only adolescent boy whose family\uc0{\u8217}s subsistence is dwindling because of climate change. A lot of the households in the Camp generate income from this form of livelihood straggled by climate shocks.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One elderly father explained the ordeal he goes through during the summer season.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It seems like this summer will be worse, mostly after every summer season, we pump water for the goats at the water pumps but this seasonal change comes with water shortfall in the community and people irregularly crowded the borehole points to fetch water for domestic use, for watering their small vegetable gardens and to wash their clothes\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The elderly father explains that they have to pump water for the goat during the night or during the day break.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My last conversation was with Celine, a refugee-led organization project assistant team leader; at Refugee Child\uc0{\u8217}s Coalition for Climate Action.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She narrated how her team stuck into hide-and-seek drama with goats at many centers they planted trees in the camp.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Planting trees in our capacity is the surer thing to do in joining our community, national and global effort to address climate change but look\uc0{\u8221}!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She was throwing her hand in the air in the direction of a group of goats lying down in foreboding to taste young trees sturdily growing after 8 months of planting at the Youth and ICT center.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}These goats lie down there from morning to sunset, when they enter into the bush, they return immediately and just stay there timing no person in sight so that the young ones can rush in through the gaps of the fence\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}If this fence is not strong enough, these young trees would have no leaves\uc0{\u8221}, she added.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The lives of the livestock and the reliability of the community for food and income generating means upon then is uncertain as the Camp\uc0{\u8217}s resilience is stretched to the very limit by global warming. The situation of goats is struggle to survive and for them to survive, they have learned to stretch their limbs.}}\par
\sect
}