{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy02\hr18\min25\sec21}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy02\hr18\min25\sec21}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 FARMERS from the host communities and Tongogara Refugee Camp shared knowledge at the maize field day ceremony that was held in Tongogara Refugee Camp at New Irrigation Scheme on 18 January 2023.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Tongogara Refugee Camp Administrator Mr. Johanne Mhlanga initially appreciated the representatives who represented different departments of government and non-governmental organizations for attending the maize field day ceremony. . The organizations that attended the ceremony consisted of Red Cross, Child Line, and United Nations Higher Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), World Vision, Zimbabwe Republic of Police, Zimbabwe Prisons Services, Gains, public relations and others from the Department of agriculture.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr. Mhlanga congratulated the people who won the prizes. He also encouraged them to keep up the standards. He said \uc0{\u8220}our aim is that agriculture must contribute to food and nutrition\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He once again said \uc0{\u8220}today we are celebrating a milestone of peaceful celebration between host communities and refugees\uc0{\u8221} there is a cross-pollination of ideas between the host communities and refugees.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Camp Admin added that we have 50 hectares of maize. The 50 hectares is distributed among 435 small plots holders of the refugees while 10% is given to the host communities. He said this while acknowledging the UNHCR and World Vision among other Organizations that support farming. He also thanked the Canadian government in collaboration with UNHCR for facilitating the farmers with farming necessities.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In addition, he guaranteed the farmers that by the end of February they shall be opened new irrigation scheme to expand agriculture.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Agricultural Extension Officer Mr. Targeson Mapiya was also thanked for educating farmers with 21st century technology and knowledge of farming which brought about good yields.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Chipinge District Development Coordinator (DDC) Mr. William Mashava represented by Mr. Chamunorwa Salan also congratulated and appreciated the Tongogara Camp Admin for uplifting the standards of living\uc0{\u160} in the Camp. He said \uc0{\u8220}TRC Admin you are doing great work\uc0{\u8221}. The DCC urged people to be more producers than consumers and as well to drive the development agenda. He sufficed that \uc0{\u8220}lets implement the land and support our government\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A member from Gains, Fortune Murehwa who came to witness the maize field day ceremony promised to establish Gains supermarket in Tongogara Refugee Camp. Gains also works in collaboration with other organisations to facilitate the refugees and host community.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr. Lovemore Dumba a staff member from the UNHCR expressed a token of appreciation to the farmers who excelled in agriculture and advised them to keep raising the flag.}}\par
\sect
}