{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo12\dy14\hr12\min42\sec21}{\revtim \yr2022\mo12\dy14\hr12\min42\sec21}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Too Late To Change by ETHO}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ella was awake and prepared to head to the farm even though it was still early in the morning.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Ella, Ella, open the gate!\uc0{\u8221} They shouted\uc0{\u8217}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ella opened the gate, only to find two gentlemen holding swords.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What are you still doing here?\uc0{\u8221} they shouted at her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What is it? Is there any problem?\uc0{\u8221} she asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}As soon as we tell you to take nothing and return to your village,\uc0{\u8221} they said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}But how?\uc0{\u8221} she asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I don\uc0{\u8217}t even know what you meant,\uc0{\u8221} she added.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Hurry up and find the way, as in twenty-four hours you should be already there; otherwise, you and your entire generation.\uc0{\u8221} they replied in Unger.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ella fled in remorse, going somewhere she didn\uc0{\u8217}t recognize.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ella was a girl who came from a single parent family. Her mother was doing some housework in various houses for her and her family to earn a living. One day, when she was on her way in search of work, she came across the most gorgeous house she had ever seen in that village. She was about to knock when she suddenly found herself facing another direction.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Ouch, what is it?\uc0{\u8221} she questioned herself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Was I not knocking on certain houses, or are they, my thoughts?\uc0{\u8221} she brushed it off and continued on her way.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After some steps, that house appeared again in her sight.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Wow, this is the house I was thinking about, and it is exactly the same as it was in my mind,\uc0{\u8221} she said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}But the only difference is that this one is already open, \uc0{\u8220}she argued.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Is God trying to show me that all chances of me getting a job are open?\uc0{\u8221} she reasoned as she walked in.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While inside, she noticed a very cute and energetic man created for God\uc0{\u8217}s convenience to fill the world and experienced a sudden change in breathing rate. Ella\uc0{\u8217}s life took shape at this point.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Immediately after her mother shares a canal with that person, she finds herself in a forest.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Where there were no people, no animals, only threes and rocks, Ella\uc0{\u8217}s mother regretted her actions as well as her feelings and stayed there until she was ready to give birth. Afterward, they found a way out of there and moved to a village known as Kwacha. They lived there for many years, until the death of her mother. While she was grieving the death of her mother, it was during the night that she heard a voice calling.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} We need you back,\uc0{\u8221} they said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Who are you?\uc0{\u8221} she asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}We are your ancestors, and we need you to return from your inheritance. \uc0{\u8220}They replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ella tried to figure out that voice, and what it meant. Nevertheless, she could not find the meaning, and that is when she moved from that village to the next. She has been a refugee in various villages in search of peace of heart as well as soul, but she has not found it. This is what has been happening to her. While she was running, she met an old woman who wore white and told her that you and your entire generation will always suffer in other lands due to the convenient decisions made by your mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Can I not change it?\uc0{\u8221} She asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}No, it is too late to change.\uc0{\u8221} She replied and disappeared.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ella had no choice but to commit suicide and kill herself in order to save her future generation from pain and suffering.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}