{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo02\dy21\hr14\min55\sec20}{\revtim \yr2024\mo02\dy21\hr14\min55\sec20}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jairos Sinyama and Penuel Maduma were up waiting for the 3 am Bus99 at midnight. The destination was Paris where the only banks in the Chimanimani district were 70km from Rusitu where Jairosi and Penuel lived.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I can hear its honking sounds,\uc0{\u8221} Jairosi shouted to Slyvia, Dennis, and Rose Moyo their neighbors who were sitting under a Jacaranda tree in the dark.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Really?\uc0{\u8221} Rose \uc0{\u8211} the youngest of the Moyo siblings \uc0{\u8211} whispered back to Jairos and Penuel.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The bus\uc0{\u8217}s lights, I think I catch them now,\uc0{\u8221} Penuel replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Moyo siblings were startled in the dark. There was no sign of a bus they could hear \uc0{\u8211} they whispered among each other. \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s strange \uc0{\u8211} the bus those two whose lights, sounds they\uc0{\u8217}re getting,\uc0{\u8221} Slyvia, the oldest of the siblings said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jairosi broke his sugarcane stick which he was using as a walking stick in the dark. The cane was still fresh and now the bus was \uc0{\u8216}coming\uc0{\u8217} and started chewing the can. \uc0{\u8220}No use as a stick anymore,\uc0{\u8221} Jairos laughed in the dark.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Eat the stick \uc0{\u8211} the bus is just arriving,\uc0{\u8221} Penuel laughed back.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The mysterious bus that Penuel and Jairos kept hearing to themselves puzzled Dennis. He kneeled in darkness between his sisters, and glued his ear to the earth, hoping to catch a whiff of the bus\uc0{\u8217}s sound. He sprang up, knees cranky from kneeling in gravel.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Got the bus sound?\uc0{\u8221} Rose asked her brother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Zero. Not,\uc0{\u8221} said Dennis of the mysterious bus that Jairos and Penuel heard to themselves.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Penuel shackled the belt of his trousers, clipped his suitcase\uc0{\u8217}s zip tighter, and told Jairosi that the bus would sweep past them if they didn\uc0{\u8217}t move a meter close to the edge of the road. \uc0{\u8220}This is the correct bus stop, right? Just checking, I can\uc0{\u8217}t see well in the dark,\uc0{\u8221} Penuel said, seeking assurance from Jairos.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Ye haa \uc0{\u8211} yes \uc0{\u8211} stand still buddies, the bus is almost here,\uc0{\u8221} Jairosi.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Moyo siblings stood off the road in the black dawn darkness. They couldn\uc0{\u8217}t be bothered because only Jairos and Penual were hearing that the bus had arrived \uc0{\u8211} the bus nobody except those two nobody saw coming.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}The bus\uc0{\u8217} scratches to a quick stop. Penuel and Jairos hopped \uc0{\u8216}on board\uc0{\u8217} and made one last shrill to the Moyo siblings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s the only bus of the day, and the bank closes today for a holiday, Moyos!\uc0{\u8221} Penuel shouted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Moyo siblings were astonished and shouted back from the bus. \uc0{\u8220}Where is this bus you\uc0{\u8217}re in folks?\uc0{\u8221} Rose and Dennis shouted back at once.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Your loss!\uc0{\u8221} Jairosi\uc0{\u8217}s voice roared back for the last time as the conductor \uc0{\u8216}banged shut\uc0{\u8217} the bus\uc0{\u8217}s \uc0{\u8216}doors\uc0{\u8217}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The \uc0{\u8216}bus\uc0{\u8217} revved up into the darkness with Jairos and Penuel \uc0{\u8216}aboard\uc0{\u8217}. The Moyo siblings, who saw no bus, remained at the station gazing into the dark melee of a bus that didn\uc0{\u8217}t see at all but whose neighbors insisted had arrived. \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s the wonder of the year \uc0{\u8211} a bus only Jairos and Penuel can see,\uc0{\u8221} Rose said to her siblings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The \uc0{\u8216}bus\uc0{\u8217} raced up the hilly escarpment past the Madhambure household and Jairosi and Penuel thought they were holding to its city rails. \uc0{\u8220}It feels so rough in here,\uc0{\u8221} Penuel said to Jairos. \uc0{\u8216}This bus is driving fast but remains in one place\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Seen that too?\uc0{\u8221} Jairos coughed and cleared his throat as he fell the shorts under his buttocks tearing. \uc0{\u8220}Why do I feel like I am carrying this bus?\uc0{\u8221} he asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Penuel groaned: \uc0{\u8220}Is that gravel stone under our buttocks?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s piercing my butt!\uc0{\u8221} Jairos cried.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The \uc0{\u8216}bus\uc0{\u8217} shifted into fourth gear and bumped its way towards Kurwa Business Center. \uc0{\u8220}This is weird, we are gone so far, now nearing the Business Centre yet the bus remains stuck in one place,\uc0{\u8221} Jairos said sweating sweat mixed down his shivering hands.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I got enough of this bus, Penuel thought to himself. \uc0{\u8220}It\uc0{\u8217}s such a strange bus, it\uc0{\u8217}s bussing us instead,\uc0{\u8221} he shouted.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Have you seen any other passenger here, driver, conductor?\uc0{\u8221} he asked.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We are the only passenger \uc0{\u8211} oh where is the damn driver or his steering wheel?\uc0{\u8221} asked Jairosi, stretching his limbs to disembark from the \uc0{\u8216}bus\uc0{\u8217} that was going fast, but going nowhere.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Jairosi \uc0{\u8211} Penuel! What bus are you aboard?\uc0{\u8221} Rose, Dennis, Sylvia the Moyo siblings shouted loud, their voices echoing faintly but firmly in the darkness. \uc0{\u8220}What strange bus is that?!!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At last Penuel and Jairos disembarked from the \uc0{\u8216}bus\uc0{\u8217}, glanced into the bush getting visible at dawn, and saw the Moyo siblings shaking with disbelief. Jairos\uc0{\u8217}s buttocks were oozing blood droplets bruised by the road\uc0{\u8217}s gravel stone. They had boarded a \uc0{\u8216}bus\uc0{\u8217} to Paris that took off at high speed and gone nowhere, not even an inch. And they were still standing at the same bus stop next to the Moyo siblings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jairos\uc0{\u8217}s voice shrieked. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m hurt,\uc0{\u8221} he said.}}\par
\sect
}