{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo09\dy08\hr11\min17\sec25}{\revtim \yr2022\mo09\dy08\hr11\min17\sec25}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0\b Striver\uc0{\u160}}\par
{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}We were going to Stuttgart to get some of our uggages we had left there, with Alah Nur, we call him \uc0{\u8220}Sha Pacha\uc0{\u8221} , which means king in normal language. Looking at the view outside, he goes deep in mind and suddenly starts\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220}You see the trainl way, the trains and even the seat you are sitting close to the window and see the meadow outside, you may not believe but it was a dream to reach one day for eight months, some months ago. I passed the Serbian border, the most treatable border I have ever seen. The border is all surrounded by smugglers, and whoever tries to pass it without paying them, they will cut the body into pieces.\uc0{\u8221} Ala Nur says with a heavy pain in his eyes.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220}What do you mean?\uc0{\u8221} I asked with no other words in mind.\uc0{\u8220}I had tried to pass this dreadful way for 8 months with a boy from Kandahar, who was also my age .He was a bit timid about the way of passing the Serbia\uc0{\u8217}s border to arrive into Germany. Because we had no smuggler with us .He was scared to face all others faced by passing the border without paying smugglers, who were the main moderators of the arewa. A place where not even the police were able to enter.\uc0{\u160}The situation of the camp was like no one was able to stay out of the camp for more than two days. There was a present sheet every day. If anyone would stay out longer, they had to clean up the camp for one week, of course if the representative would not extend it.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}He pauses and\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220}Each time planning to pass the border we had only a bar of biscuit and a bottle of water with. When we couldn\uc0{\u8217}t succeed or we failed we had to go back to the camp without losing time .\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220}But, why did you choose to pass from Serbia\uc0{\u8217}s border?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8220}It was shorter, we had the custom on our way, where the products from Turkey through Serbia were coming to Germany. To pass this way in such an easy way, by paying the smugglers who are connected with the drivers of these camions 6000 euros, we could stay hidden in the trucks and arrive at our destination, but we both had no money with.\uc0{\u160}I decided to try passing the border myself, so I had to pass a long way, to turn all the area where smugglers were leading to reach the custom and hide myself in one of them or hold my hand on its back as it moves by passing the checkpoint.\uc0{\u160}On one of our plans trying to pass the border we got on a camion which was leading luxury cars like Farari, Sport and Lamborghini .We stayed hidden in the cars of the truck, but in the middle of the way Police came and took us from the truck. It was the first time I sat in a Lamborghini, hopefully it will not be the last.\uc0{\u160}How did the Police catch you?I was switching the buttons of the car so much, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t even know the model even. Last night friends showed me, and I was shocked.\uc0{\u160}The Serbian people behave friendly with refugees, but the smugglers do not. I was captured by the smugglers two or three times, but as I was able to speak Pashto, they just beat me, but did not do more, but that made me stay in bed for days.\uc0{\u160}But if there were Arabs or Kurd people or Hazara people, if they wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t give any money to them , the smugglers would split them off. They have guns, knives, axes and tools for touture.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}We both did not stop trying, though there were other boys who were with us, but stopped trying and were trying to find ways and pay the smugglers.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}The last time we decided\uc0{\u160} to get into another camion, we went inside by holding our hands in the metal bars on two sides of the camion. That was breathtaking.\uc0{\u160}Hopefully we get in, I cut the camion\uc0{\u8217}s tarpaulin in the shape of a (L) bcz if I would cut it more the wind intensity would tear the tarpaulin. The hole was becoming bigger, to prevent the rupture I took off the lices of my shoes and I made some small hole in a zigzag shape with a blade on both sides of the \uc0{\u8220}L\uc0{\u8221} shaped hole.\uc0{\u160}If it would remain open, we would get frozen. We were there for almost two nights. We were inside of the same camion for two nights. The driver was sleeping about 4 or 5 hours every 5 hours. We slept, ate a little there.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220} What if you wanted to pee?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220}We were doing in the camion, putting cartoon up on itIn each check up, I knew where we were going, in which land or city. I memorized the map and all my mind was awakened.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}When I put my head out of the roof of the camion I saw the German letters on the panels and I noticed that we were in Germany at that moment.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}We started kicking very firmly to the door and the metals of the camion till the driver heard and came to open the door .He looked at us scared and he asked us to stay quietly inside, he pointed at us to hide our heads.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220}Do you know why?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220}Of course because of the police, if the police would know about the presence of someone in his camion, with no explanation would put him for years in prison with a thousand punishments. He would be captured with the crime of human trafficking. That\uc0{\u8217}s why he carried us into a village and there he stopped to open the door of the camion.The driver was a Turkish man, I knew some Turkish and I asked him to call the police to take us with.\uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220}Abi, polisi ara lutfen\uc0{\u8221} I said in Turkish.\uc0{\u160}He said: \uc0{\u8220} tamam tamam \uc0{\u8216}okay, okay \uc0{\u8220}\uc0{\u160} I will call , you stay silent here. Don\uc0{\u8217}t make any noise\uc0{\u8221} he said with a scared face, full white.Instead, he rushed in the car and put the gear and left us there.\uc0{\u160}He left us there in the village and we started walking till we saw the police car pass and we pointed them to take us with us.They left us in the Gissen camp and we registered ourselves there.\uc0{\u160}}\par
\sect
}