{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy13\hr19\min45\sec41}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy13\hr19\min45\sec41}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I attended secondary school at a community day school whereby I was going there and sleep home. This was a very difficult experience for me since my home was far away from my school. My school was in Mdunje yet I was staying in Dowa Boma. I was walking a distance of one hour for me to reach to my school. Sometimes, I used to get a motorbike when I saw that I would arrive at the school late.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By the time I was sitting for my Malawi Secondary Certificate Examination, our school had been operational for seven years but had not yet sent any students to a public university. In 2013, I was privileged to be the highest-performing student in my year. I applied and was accepted to pursue a degree at the College of Medicine to become a Medical Doctor, fulfilling a lifelong dream since childhood. Since then, my secondary school has consistently sent students to public universities.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Although the standard duration for the medical degree program is six years, I ended up spending eight years at the College of Medicine from 2015, ultimately being withdrawn in 2018. This was the most brutal experience of my life, something I wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t wish upon anyone. My life changed dramatically, and I went into hiding for two years. If not for the support of a few close friends, I might have taken my own life. Suicide is often talked about from a distance, but I saw it up close.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After those two difficult years, one of my friends encouraged me to apply to universities outside Malawi. I was accepted by the University of Cape Town in South Africa and given three more years to complete my studies. Although this was longer than I had anticipated, I decided to move forward. I am deeply grateful to my family, friends, and the angels who supported my academic journey, providing for my tuition and upkeep.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A few days ago, I finally graduated as a Medical Doctor. From 2015 and through two universities, I achieved my dream in 2024. I want to encourage anyone facing similar hurdles. I went through the lowest moments of my life and never imagined I would one day genuinely smile, laugh, and be happy again. Bad things happen, but with God, resilience, and a good support system, anything is possible. To anyone going through their worst times today, I am a Medical Doctor because I didn\uc0{\u8217}t give up after being withdrawn.}}\par
\sect
}