{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy21\hr13\min26\sec09}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy21\hr13\min26\sec09}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kono passed away! -What! Kono is dead! Kaweke was surprised. Kono was his best friend. Kaweke was with him last night taking some bear but this morning Kono\uc0{\u8217}s wife came weeping at Kaweke\uc0{\u8217}s home to deliver this bad news to him. Kaweke felt as if he could faint on the ground after hearing the bad news. Many people with sad faces surrounded the sad widow. All Kaweke could remember was the story Kono was telling him when they were sharing bear last night at Kaweke\uc0{\u8217}s veranda. He started to remember how his wife and himself spent more time last night jotting down tragic events Dzaleka society is experiencing hoping that it will help Kono to live in Dzaleka.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That night, as they sat comfortably, Kono told him that when he was at the borehole in the morning, he quarreled with a certain mom, who angrily told him that the water he is fetching will mark the end of Kono\uc0{\u8217}s life on this Earth once finished. Aah! Kaweke was surprised to get such frustrating news concerning his friend.\uc0{\u8221} my friend you are a new arrival in Dzaleka; You should first have studied this place and know how to behave in it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}How is Dzaleka different from other places in the World?\uc0{\u8221} Kono asked. Kkk, Kaweke laughed in agony, he knew that his friend is in big trouble since he told him about the forthy-years-old mom\uc0{\u8217}s terrifying words. Please allow me to recall some of the tragic events that occurred in Dzaleka. Kaweke interrupted;}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Suddenly, Kaweke\uc0{\u8217}s wife arrived to inform them that the table was already set. They both approached the table and started to share the meal. \uc0{\u8221} Uuh! Can you keep telling me about the people in the camp?\uc0{\u8221} Kono inquired while they were eating. When I was cooking, I understood what you were saying. Kaweke\uc0{\u8217}s wife stepped in and continued.\uc0{\u8221}Let me tell you! I know both of you don\uc0{\u8217}t know what happens here in Dzaleka!\uc0{\u8221}; Both men stopped diving nsima ( maize bread) in the delicious sauce; they prepared themselves to hear what was new to them about the camp.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I first arrived in Malawi in 2011, I discovered people poisoning others in this camp. I mean If you are given UNHCR resettlement to a third country, your so-called friends will do whatever it takes to poison you, especially in a drink. \uc0{\u8221}Do you mean Kaweke will be the first person to poison me if I get that favor to be resettled abroad?\uc0{\u8221} Kono cracked a joke. Why not? They all burst out laughing. Don\uc0{\u8217}t trust anyone in Dzaleka: me, my wife, even church leaders; Kaweke intervened and continued, for example, the wife of the pastor of the church across the main road from Dzaleka, just to the left corner of Secondly school as coming from Dzaleka. They all shouted aloud,\uc0{\u160} Canada church! -Yes, We buried her after doctors diagnosed her with poison. What made her poisonous? Kono inquired. She was killed because she was waiting for a resettlement program to travel to America. \uc0{\u8221}That is simply jealousy,\uc0{\u8221} Kono said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kaweke resumed. -You both saw Johnson, our neighbor, just here at Kawale one, how his intelligent young boy was bewitched mulonge (a certain disease that when bewitched, one cannot resist for several days). Do you know people who bewitch the disease? They are said to be from; where are they from? Kaweke interrupted Kono who was going to mention the tribe said responsible for bewitching mulonge. They all murmured to one another; they are our neighbors, let\uc0{\u8217}s them switch us after hearing that we are discussing their cultural practice. In their culture whether you are a pastor or not one must have something that protects him and much more. Why would these cruel people bewitch others? Furiously enquired Kono! The boy was bewitched because he advised his colleague not to date girls under the age of eighteen in front of his fourteen girlfriend. The colleague felt guilty and embarrassed and stormed out, declaring angrily that he would show him that he was a man. So, the boy was found dead in the morning. Kono was terrified to learn what had happened to these helpless victims.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Not only that, but a Burundian refugee leader whose name I forget was recently targeted right here in Dzaleka, didn\uc0{\u8217}t you hear? I did, indeed! Kono responded desperately. He remembered arguing with a certain mom at the borehole, and she insisted that once the water he was fetching will finish, so would his life. Kaweke resumed; Unknown individuals threw a grenade at him, and he is now in the hospital. \uc0{\u8221}Why was he the target among all the others in Dzaleka?\uc0{\u8221} Kono wondered. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know the answer to your question, but I believe the police can. Many events occurred here in Dzaleka, so I suppose you should learn how to interact with others in this multicultural environment. You are aware that we live with people from various cultural backgrounds, in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, as well as Burundi, Rwanda, Ethiopia, Somalia, and other countries\uc0{\u8230} Otherwise, you won\uc0{\u8217}t be able to live in Dzaleka.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Someone was knocking on the gate while they were talking. Kaweke\uc0{\u8217}s wife left to open. It was their Congolese neighbor whose four children were all poisoned at once. people who envied them heard that they are traveling in two months to come so, they wanted to interrupt their journey by killing the children. Kono could not wait for the visitor to find him there so, he thanked the Kaweke family for their hospitality and returned home to sleep.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kaweke was awakened in the morning by too many cries from the weeping widow, who informed him that her husband had died early that morning.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By Ndikumana Jimmy}}\par
\sect
}