{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy21\hr17\min01\sec35}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy21\hr17\min01\sec35}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In my whole life, the only dream that I have ever had was soaring up in the sky. I knew I would make a life there. Every time I heard those sounds of that bird like creature, I found myself smiling bodly. I could watch the trails they built and how they faded. The beautiful lines they made, how magnificent they looked, I always told my friends those you see up there, are the roads reading to the end of the world hahaha. They believed I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how but they did. I had a lot of information that was not true, I just loved the idea of planes and me.In school I was always the lead of the class. One thing I loved most about my junior school. I was proud of myself, news about me being on position on always reached mother before I do. I remember how my teacher could pronounce my name at the school assembly as the she proudly announced the precious position. She was of a different tongue. I enjoyed the pronunciation actually, you know the tongue feeling as its swollen. Hahaha I enjoyed the days.I did well in combinations of numbers and finding answers. As I knew that my so wanted \uc0{\u8217}career\uc0{\u8217} one had to be sharp in sciences. I never wanted to loose a single mark for the teacher, I was so ready to build my own castle with those trails in the sky. Everything seemed clear for me.I did well till my high school years, since I had a determination. I vowed to work hard. When I was in my third year of high school years, I was called by our principle.\uc0{\u8221}Zaithwa Nthondoyo, you have a call from your parents\uc0{\u8221}, he said . I knew my parents never called. When they visited me once on the \uc0{\u8221}visiting day\uc0{\u8221}, I was surely knowing that I will hear from them on the closing days. I was used to that. Actually I never wanted to be a bread-and-butter. I wanted to be strong, I knew the path I will take will separate me from them for long. I enjoyed it though.\uc0{\u8221}Hello\uc0{\u8230}. papa\uc0{\u8221} I swallowed.\uc0{\u8221}Hello my daughter\uc0{\u8221} he replied in his fatherly voice.\uc0{\u8221}How is everyone home \uc0{\u8221} I just wanted to be sure nothing had gone wrong\uc0{\u8221}Oh..e,e, everyone is doing well here\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}.there was a pause. I heard a heavy sigh at the end, then came the voice I always heard from my father when he is lost. \uc0{\u8221} aaa\uc0{\u8230}. My daughter..mmm I want you to let you know that, I have been fired from work\uc0{\u8230}it\uc0{\u8217}s been a month now\uc0{\u8230}.Well I guess that was not the end of the line, because I stood frozen since I knew where this was going. My parents loved the idea of doing every best for us as their children. My father was the kind of putting his nose to the grindstone. He wanted the best of us. He did his best for everyone.\uc0{\u8221}you will have to transfer\uc0{\u8221} he finished.It was a better place where I could have done better for myself. I tried to focus so hard, I wanted to reach my dream.I wrote my final national examinations as a senior high school student. As I went to the deputy headteachers office deep down in me the sorrow increased. I knew even if I had done well, it will just a trail in the sky. Nowhere to be seen.I did well, my joy was just buried within me since my parents could not afford my tuition fees. It\uc0{\u8217}s been ten years now. I still look at the sky, the trails still are beautiful.As I am standing here in front of you, this is where my trail lead me. I enjoy now being with you, work hard. I love giving you the little I have so you soar as high as you can.We can all go for breaktime, be back as soon as you hear the bell ring. You have an assignment to write.}}\par
\sect
}