{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr17\min14\sec43}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy06\hr17\min14\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There are people out there who have chosen to do things that endangers their lives in the name of searching for money. Refugees choose to leave their country and enter Malawi illegal and this is very risky because they can be deported immediately once they are caught. Some Malawians at the boarder decided to be helping this kind of people because of poverty and lack of jobs. They do not care whether they are putting themselves at risk of getting arrested since this business of smuggling people pays a lot.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I managed to speak to a certain Ethiopian guy called Chiwanda which is not his real name to. He told me that they spent ten days walking by foot in order to cross the border of Tanzania and Malawi through a small bush which is near the border. When they are walking, they make sure to hold each other\uc0{\u8217}s clothes in a single line to avoid missing in that bush. Once they manage to cross, there is a call that collected them at night around 11pm that took them to a place called Mzuzu boma.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At this time, there was a Malawian person who was trying to help them so that they could not get caught by the police or the immigration officers. The Malawian man found a big van that was covered and they all entered into it at night. They were parked like things not human beings since the van that is supposed to carry ten passengers carried twenty people on that day. However, they had no choice but to do as they were told. The Malawian man remained at that place and they went with the driver. Communication was hard for them since the driver spoke Chichewa and they only knew how to speak a little English.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They could not say that they wanted to urinate because the driver feared the police. It is unimaginable that some passengers urinated in the car. They arrived in Dzaleka refugee camp in the morning around 4am. The driver called the Ethiopian guy who worked with them and handled over the passengers. This is the horrible indirect human trafficking that is happening due to lack of travelling documents. I believe that it would be easy for them to travel if they would have all the papers. However, it is not possible to get the papers since they were running from danger in their own countries.}}\par
\sect
}