{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy13\hr12\min41\sec00}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy13\hr12\min41\sec00}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 James was the first-born child in a family of eight. He grew up in a village called Chimwaza and could not continue his education due to financial problems. Instead, he began helping his parents find food for the family. He started irrigation farming along the river near his village, using local resources such as a water cane to water vegetables in his garden.When the crops matured, James sold them at the market, and the money was used to buy necessities for his parents\uc0{\u8217} home. After a few years, he attempted to grow maize using the same irrigation method. He worked hard and managed to cultivate two tonnes of maize. He sold all the maize and used the proceeds to buy a television set, which he used to open a showroom.The business of showing films in a small room was doing well. With the funds he earned, he paid someone who repaired electrical appliances like TVs, radios, and irons to teach him the work. James was a fast learner and mastered everything within six months. Life improved slightly for him, as he was now able to assist his parents with their daily basic needs from the earnings he made from his work.One night, after finishing work and heading home, James saw something wrapped in black plastic, resembling a large rock, beside the road. He passed by it but then went back to check what was inside the plastic. He picked up the parcel and discovered it was money. His heart began to beat fast as he looked around, but there was no one in sight. He hurried back to his small house next to his parents\uc0{\u8217} home with the money.Once home, he locked the door and started counting the money. It took him almost two hours to tally it, and the total amount came to 4.5 million kwacha. At that time, it was a substantial sum due to its strong value.James decided to keep the secret. He wanted to wait and see if anyone would report a missing sum of money, so he could return it to the rightful owner. He waited for nearly three months, but no one came forward. He then began to consider how to use the money wisely.James consulted a few trusted individuals for advice on how to manage the funds. He brainstormed various ideas, he decided to purchase land near the tarmac road. He built a large house on the property and moved in once construction was complete.By this time, two of James\uc0{\u8217}s younger brothers and two of his sisters were already married and had children. People spoke poorly of him, claiming he was impotent, but he reassured them that the time would come when he would marry.He continued his business of showing films and repairing electrical gadgets. One day, while he was at his shop fixing a faulty iron, a beautiful young lady, slim and light-skinned, came in with her broken iron. She handed it to James and explained the issue. When James accidentally touched a part of her hand, he felt a shock, and the lady, named Cathy, also sensed something. When they looked at each other, it was love at first sight. James asked where she was from, and Cathy told him she lived with her sister, who was a teacher at a nearby primary school. They connected and became close friends.After two weeks of seeing each other, Cathy fell in love with James and told him about her feelings. Before James accepted her affection, he explained that he had not completed his education and had only finished grade 3. He told her that he could only read and write in Chichewa. Cathy assured him not to worry, as she would help him with his education. James had never imagined that true love could be as genuine as Cathy\uc0{\u8217}s. He accepted her proposal.After two years of dating, they got married in a colorful wedding at a motel.}}\par
\sect
}