{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy21\hr23\min56\sec29}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy21\hr23\min56\sec29}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Every moment I spend on this planet earth is so precious. I have met good and bad people in my life but I do not regret it at all. However, life is too short for me to focus on bad people who bring bad vibes in my life. I chose to cherish every moment I get in my life. I have had bad people like my ex-boyfriend who ruined my life when I was still young but life turned around when I met my current love. My ex-boyfriend destroyed my life when I decided to give him my precious gift for the love of my life. This is nothing else but my virginity. I regret that I gave him access to my body and he never respected and cherished my precious gift.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a short period of time, my ex-boyfriend decided to dump me because of other girls that he was flirting with. When I found out that he was asking out other girls, he never apologized but he decided to dump me. This is the moment I imagined my life falling apart. I cried for two days while regretting why I allowed such evil person in my life. I reached to a point of thinking about committing suicide but thanks to my best friends who were always there for me. They gave me hope and I thank them so much because I am alive because of them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My life turned sweet when I met the love of my life. After completing my secondary school, I met a sweet guy called Steven. I felt love again after seeing this guy. He approached me the time I was going to the market with my friends. This is the time I felt shy like never before. Steven is a straight guy and he didn\uc0{\u8217}t hesitate to tell me how beautiful I am and he wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t wait to make me his wife. As a girl with principles, I told him that I will think about it but in my heart, I could say that I met the love of my life. Steven never stopped coming home to check on me everyday until I said yes to him. He made me forget about my ex-boyfriend due to his love and care that he shows every day. I am now happily engaged to Steven and we both cannot wait to get married and enjoy our life together as a family.}}\par
\sect
}