{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo02\dy08\hr11\min19\sec54}{\revtim \yr2023\mo02\dy08\hr11\min19\sec54}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Chapter 2}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nina felt very humbled and excited to be in a relationship with Mr. Grey. On the other hand, Mr. Grey was also happy that Nina had fallen in love with him. Their relationship started on a good note. Nina broke the news to her parents and friends about this good news. Her father was happy because when Nina was happy, he was also happy because he loved her very much. Besides, her mother was not happy because she doubted Mr. Grey, thinking that he would take advantage of her poverty. Nina\uc0{\u8217}s mother said to her, \uc0{\u8221}My lovely daughter, I am against your relationship with Mr. Grey, because I have that sense in my mind that he will betray you in the future.\uc0{\u8221} I also heard from other people that rich people are very dishonest, especially when they marry a daughter from a poor family. Please! Please! I have folded my hands, begging you, my daughter! Don\uc0{\u8217}t marry him! Nina replied, \uc0{\u8221}Please, my mother, I beg you!\uc0{\u8221} Allow me to marry Mr. Grey. He is the man I love! \uc0{\u8221}Compared to that guy who dumped me for another girl,\uc0{\u8221} Nina told her mother to watch him if Mr. Grey will do such a thing. Nina\uc0{\u8217}s mother kept quiet.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr. Grey used to visit Nina more often, especially during the weekend, because both of them were busy with their businesses during the week. He used to take Nina to the park to discuss their future lives. One day, while Mr. Grey and Nina were in the park charting, Mr. Grey wanted to take Nina to a very expensive restaurant for their first date. Before anything, Mr. Grey thought of the type of dress that he wanted Nina to wear. To tell the truth, Nina was a typical village girl. Nina liked to wear very long dresses and skirts and large blouses, which Mr. Grey disliked. Mr. Grey asked Nina about the colors of clothes that she liked. Nina was very shy to tell him about her tastes in clothing because she didn\uc0{\u8217}t want Mr. Grey to be buying her expensive things as if they were already married. In their conversations, Mr. Grey said, \uc0{\u8221}Please tell me your preferences for your clothes.\uc0{\u8221} Nina kept quiet and looked down, a sign of shyness according to her culture. Mr. Grey continued, \uc0{\u8221}You must be aware that you are mine! I would like you to be wearing clothes that fit you well: short dresses and skirts, but not very short ones. And I don\uc0{\u8217}t want people in town to suspect that I am dating a local girl from the village. According to their culture (Nina and Mr. Grey), rich men marrying poor families is rare because they think that a rich person can take advantage of the poor family. Mr. Grey continued, \uc0{\u8221}I need you to look beautiful in nice clothes so that people should not suspect me that I am taking advantage of you.\uc0{\u8221} Nina answered, \uc0{\u8221}I know that you really love me,\uc0{\u8221} while smiling. After discussing this for a while, Nina accepted the offer to buy her new clothes for their first date.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr. Grey took Nina to a well-known boutique in town and bought her three nice dresses and three expensive shoes, and he also escorted her to a saloon to get her hair done. Nina looked very beautiful in her new attire. Nina was changed from the old village girl to a town girl. She really looked great and smart in her new clothes. Mr. Grey admired Nina even more because she was looking more beautiful than before. Upon reaching home, her siblings and parents did not recognize Nina; she had changed a lot. All her family members touched her hair and the clothes she wore. Her father was very happy for Nina because she was looking very beautiful. Her mother was just watching her, and Nina asked her mother, \uc0{\u8221}Mother!\uc0{\u8221} What is your problem again? You are not happy for me; why? Her mother replied, \uc0{\u8221}I already told you about this guy!\uc0{\u8221} Can you see how he is spoiling you with expensive clothes in order for you to think of him as a nice person? Nina answered her mother and said, \uc0{\u8221}Mother!\uc0{\u8221} He is a nice guy, but I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what\uc0{\u8217}s wrong with you. The next day, during lunch hour, Mr. Grey took Nina to the most expensive restaurant in town. At the restaurant, people were looking at Nina because she was very beautiful. They continued with their discussions. Mr. Grey ordered an expensive meal at the restaurant, and he asked Nina to order a meal as well, but since she had never visited such a place in her life, she also ordered what her boyfriend had ordered.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While eating in the restaurant, Nina asked Mr. Grey if he dated someone else. Mr. Grey told her that he has dated two ladies, one at a time, who have not loved him as a person but were after his money. Mr. Grey told Nina that you are special to me because I see many things in you. Mr. Grey said, \uc0{\u8221}You are very different from those ladies I dated.\uc0{\u8221} If I want to buy you something most of the time, you refuse, I try to plead with you first before I buy. \uc0{\u8221}I hope you will continue this kind of behavior.\uc0{\u8221} Nina replied, \uc0{\u8221}You know I am a village girl; I don\uc0{\u8217}t value money but the integrity of the person I am in love with.\uc0{\u8221} Nina also asked Mr. Grey, \uc0{\u8221}Is this the only reason you have dampened them all?\uc0{\u8221} Mr. Grey told Nina that he was only unhappy with the first girl\uc0{\u8217}s behavior. He told Nina that the other girl had a problem yelling at him without a reason, especially when Mr. Grey told her that he was busy with business. This was very disappointing! Mr. Grey said to Nina. Nina also introduced another topic and asked Mr. Grey, \uc0{\u8221}Since you have changed me from a local girl to a town girl, am I continuing my dirt business of selling charcoal, because people will be asking me many questions?\uc0{\u8221} Mr. Grey replied, \uc0{\u8221}Currently, I will allow you to continue, but I will send you a boy who will assist you with carrying the bags of charcoal to sell in town.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8221}You will be staying home and waiting for the guy to bring you sales.\uc0{\u8221} Upon hearing about this, Nina was happy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}