{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy18\hr12\min31\sec10}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy18\hr12\min31\sec10}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a village called Lamu, there lived a man, Brian. Lamu was well-known as a rich village which was surrounded by hills and farms. His father was Chief Abdul who ruled over the village. Brian was the first son of the chief. He was known as a kind and respectful son. He obeyed his father\uc0{\u8217}s rules and used his wisdom and intelligence to solve kinds of problems and treated the villagers well. Nobody ever said something bad to him. He helped the farmers and shared fascinating stories with the kids. Through his deep commitment to his village, he established a peaceful community with a diverse background in unity and harmony village.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His father wanted him to get married; But Brian had dreams as vast as the sky, he refused all the women his relatives could suggest for him. Brian had a difficult issue that only few people could observe. He never slept at night, he struggled with his unconditional love for Leyla, whose beauty was as the sun\uc0{\u8217}s first light. She had a cute smile and was very attractive that Brian couldn\uc0{\u8217}t resist. He often said, \uc0{\u8220}As the son of the chief, I will marry only the beautiful woman in the village\uc0{\u8221}. His news got spread into the village that he has refused to marry all the women in the village.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}My son, I have given you what I could, it is your turn to commit yourself to the villagers, Ineed you to be strong, and take your own responsibility\uc0{\u8221}, said the chief.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He confused his father and his relatives for what they were expecting him to do; he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t do what his farther suggested him to do,\uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u160}Brian was a tall, dark and strikingly handsome man. His plan was to marry Leyla to whatever it costed; He prayed every night to win her heart and marry her as he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t allow forced marriage in the village as a way to protect cultural respect and mutual understanding among people.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His faith was harder as diamond, never disappointed,\uc0{\u160}and always believe in God. He believe in old scripture that \uc0{\u8220}always fight for the things you want\uc0{\u8221}. He was very clever and intelligent. His father could remind him the rules of a man as being respectful, responsible, self-control and perseverance. He was very observant and curious to find the reason for Leyla\uc0{\u8217}s refusal of his proposal.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}In life, it depends on what you want, you either quit or continue fighting for the goals\uc0{\u8221} said Brian. He found himself drawn to Leyla\uc0{\u8217}s beauty and kindness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One bright morning, when he was walking in the village dust road and no one could tell that he was the chief\uc0{\u8217}s son. He was looking like a normal villagers as he didn\uc0{\u8217}t want anyone to recognize him, he decided to go for a cup of tea close to the village\uc0{\u8217}s cafeteria, and he was treated like anyone else in the village. While sipping his cup of tea, he learned out the window and saw a group of women talking, there was Leyla among them, and he became curious to hear what they were discussing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One of the women asked Leyla, \uc0{\u8220}Why have you refused to marry the chief\uc0{\u8217}s son?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to be the mother of the people\uc0{\u8221}, she responded.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She was surprised as she didn\uc0{\u8217}t expect such a question in a crowded place. \uc0{\u8220}I want a simple man, with no titles to free myself from any responsibilities that I cannot manage.\uc0{\u8221} Said Leyla.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This got Brian\uc0{\u8217}s attention when she was responding to the kind of man she wanted in her life; Leyla didn\uc0{\u8217}t finish her education and she thought she didn\uc0{\u8217}t deserve to be his wife. In the village, women were not having voice because of cultural believes and competences against men. His father was very strict and couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see the values of women in his village because of the cultural practices that he believed. When she was fourteen years old, she felt sick and took a long to recover which led her not to pursue her education. Instead, she decided to start a small business with her sister and this was the only way to survive.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Upon hearing the reason she always denied his proposal. He stayed quite a long time and deeply thinking of her. He was generous and spirit that never gave up. He saw beyond her imagination and found humanity in her, but Leyla didn\uc0{\u8217}t like to be with him, not because of his status but his family background, education and how women were considered in their village.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As days went by, he decided to stop living in the chief\uc0{\u8217}s house, which had a beautiful looking than others in village. All he needed was to be recognized and did try his best to be with her. He started living a simple life like others in the village, he free himself to his family and think of his own way of living. Beside, in the market, he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see others\uc0{\u8217} goods, only hers. He became close to her and for the first time felt accepted. He created proximity and Still and all, her decision didn\uc0{\u8217}t change. In a desperate moment coming from the palace to see his family, he met with Leyla and asked an appointment.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The day to meet arrived where she never showed up in the village\uc0{\u8217}s cafeteria where they planned to meet. He was shocked as he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t expected her to turn down his invitation. As time passed, when he was coming from the mountain before the sunset, he met with Leyla in the garden cutting veggies for the dinner. He saw her and didn\uc0{\u8217}t have the intention to talk to her, miraculously, he heard a voice.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hey, \uc0{\u8220}I have accepted to be your fianc\uc0{\u233}!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} \uc0{\u8220}What?\uc0{\u8221} He replied incredulously!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I never expected you to wait for so long\uc0{\u8221} she said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They spent time together forging their relationship with joyful and sorrow stories, she found solace in Brian\uc0{\u8217}s kindness and uplifting stories; in his wisdom, she discovered newfound of confidence and changes in her life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She submitted herself to Brian and learned what it meant to be a wife as being supportive, respectful and willing to adapt changes. She felt loved than she thought. She couldn\uc0{\u8217}t expect to be treated like a queen. Her education killed her mind as she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t pursue her dream to complete her education. This made her to look down to her thoughts and lost confidence, and had no hope to be with such a man.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After weeks, He then introduced her to his family and her mother overcame with joy, and she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe, shed tears of happiness. They couldn\uc0{\u8217}t wait and the wedding ceremony was planned, it was a big event that brought the entire village together to celebrate Brian\uc0{\u8217}s weeding. Brian and Leyla were wed and his father blessed them to commit to the people and look after their properties. Besides, they got gift from neighboring villages and others in the village as blessings to their journey.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She deeply felt in love with him and revealed the true nature of her ability and worth. She became a supportive and submissive women who brought change to law against women to her village. She convinced her husband by showing the impact of woman and equality among people in the society. Leyla, with her husband by her side, built a loving and supportive community and unite the neighboring villages.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They prove that happiness lies in between two souls that believe in one another regardless of their backgrounds. Human right was promoted and all villagers were treated equally. It was then when Brian gave her the power to rule over the village by being the head of community gatherings and events that were taking in place in the community such as festivities, football and community development. His decision brought happiness to everyone in the village as woman never ruled over the village.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Positive changes swept through the village, schools, hospitals were built and improved the life of the villager. With time and perseverance, and they overcame obstacles and found strength in each other. Women\uc0{\u8217}s voice were heard and changes were made in the village. Things changed, and they changed the people in the village through social awareness on the impact of gender equality and cultural misconception. Brian and Leyla became a legend in the village, showing the power of love and impact of women in the society. Years passed and they both lived a life full of love and happiness to the villagers as moral teaching to the power of acceptance and happiness in our life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}