{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy11\hr17\min03\sec43}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy11\hr17\min03\sec43}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nina is an educated girl who has a life full of promise, but that promise is abruptly derailed when she meets the handsome and powerful Mr. Grey. He is a wealthy expat who owns more than half of Malawi and she falls in love with him. After their marriage, the well-educated bride begins to experience what it means to be married to an abusive husband who controls every aspect of her life, including her thoughts after the woman married a rich man, she had to leave her village and move with her husband. She was sad at leaving her parents and friends, but hoped that one day she would have the chance to go back home. When she arrived at her new home, she found that her husband was a very rich man who owned many properties around the world. She had to learn how to be a wife, cook and clean for him.Her life changed when he began to abuse her physically, mentally and emotionally. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to leave him because she knew no one else would want her. She tried to be a good wife and did everything he asked, but she felt like it was not enough. She wanted to go home and see her family again, but he wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t let her leave. He would hit her when she tried to get away from him. Nina bared him five children despite having such kind of life. One day after he had beaten her very badly, she ran away from home and went back to her village without her children. She was very sad and depressed. Her family tried to help her feel better, but nothing worked. They began to worry about her because she was always crying for no reason. She missed her husband very much and wanted him back in her life again. She thought that if she could make him love her again then he would allow her to return home.After two weeks in her village, the abusive husband came to take her to her house. He came because the children were also crying for their mom. Upon reaching her house, all the children were very happy, and the twelve-year-old elder son Frank told her father not to beat his mother again. Nina enjoyed her marriage for a few months, and then her husband started beating her again with no reason. Nina endured the pain for the sake of her children\uc0{\u8217}s happiness. Mr. Grey kept on beating her without mercy.One day, Mr. Grey beat Nina up to the point that he chopped her hands on the elbows, and Nina fainted. Frank and his siblings thought their mother was dead, and they cried for help while their father ran away as he also thought that he had killed his wife. People who came to rescue the family took Nina to the nearby hospital. Nina discovered she was in the hospital bed without hands a few minutes later. She shed many tears with the children. Nina felt sorry for herself because she was one of the disabled people in the community because of domestic violence. Nina was discharged from the hospital after a month.Upon reaching her home, Nina heard the news that her husband was arrested. She was happy after hearing the news, but deep down in her heart she was not because she really loved her husband despite the beatings. The husband was found guilty and sentenced to five years in prison. Nina tried to get him released silently by withdrawing the charges against him, but the law enforcers denied it because he made her a disabled human being.Mr. Grey was released from prison after five years. He came out a changed man. He found his wife waiting for him, as she never got married again. Mr. Grey begged for forgiveness from his wife; on the other hand, Nina wanted the love of her husband, and she forgave her husband. They started a new family, and Mr. Grey was a loving husband who promised never to beat her again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}