{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy03\hr11\min40\sec40}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy03\hr11\min40\sec40}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar \qc{{\cf0\f0 Unconditional Love Chapter 3}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nina\uc0{\u8217}s love for Mr. Grey was increasing. Nina liked Mr. Grey very much, and Mr. Grey liked her as well. They visited many places together. One day, when they were both in the park, their usual place, Mr. Grey told Nina that he was ready to get married to her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I want to marry you,\uc0{\u8221} he said, touching her thigh.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Serious?\uc0{\u8221} she asked, removing Mr. Grey\uc0{\u8217}s hand from her thigh.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Do you know that I love you a lot?\uc0{\u8221} he stood up and hugged Nina from behind.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nina was very happy. She also wanted to get married to Mr. Grey, but she was having second thoughts. Nina thought about her mother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}How will my mother react\uc0{\u8221}? Talking to herself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nina thought about how her mother will tell her because she has not supported her idea of being in a relationship with Mr. Grey.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What is wrong with you? Why are you not responding?\uc0{\u8221} he asked while touching her hair.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I love you too,\uc0{\u8221} Nina responded.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr. Grey kissed Nina on her forehead, and Nina kissed him on his cheek.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Oho! You can also kiss? Mr. Grey asked, holding Nina in his hands tightly to the point that Nina\uc0{\u8217}s breast was attached to his chest.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Why not?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160} Nina asked, trying to remove herself from the hands of Mr. Grey.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Kiss me properly then.\uc0{\u8221} Asked Mr. Grey, still holding Nina tightly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Not today,\uc0{\u8221} Nina smiled, looking very shy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I will not leave you until you kiss me,\uc0{\u8221} he said, and he started to kiss Nina\uc0{\u8217}s lips.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After kissing Nina for a minute, Mr. Grey stopped and told Nina that next Saturday he would take her to a lodge along Lake Malawi.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Let\uc0{\u8217}s go to Kambiri Lodge beach on Saturday,\uc0{\u8221} Mr. Grey said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kambiri Lodge Beach is one of the famous beaches of Lake Malawi that has fresh waters. Many rich people and tourists go there to admire the fresh waters and have fun.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What are we going to do there?\uc0{\u8221} Nina asked, curious to know}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Just chilling,\uc0{\u8221} Mr. Grey said, grabbing his car keys and holding Nina to where they parked their car.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nina asked herself why Mr. Grey was taking her to the lodge, where she had never been before.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}People go there to sleep, so Mr.Grey want me to sleep with him? That is impossible! We will see what happens there!\uc0{\u8221} She was talking to herself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And also, she was afraid of Mr. Grey, especially how he grabbed her tightly and kissed her. She thought Mr. Grey would do something bad.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the other hand, she was excited to see the blue waters of Lake Malawi, as she only knew the lake from the map of Malawi.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}It seems you are quite sad,\uc0{\u8221} Mr. Grey asked, touching her fingers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}No, I am not, you know what? I have never visited the lake before, and this will be my first time there.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Really? Queried Mr. Grey. Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry, I will teach you everything,\uc0{\u8221} he said, pulling out the cell phone from his pocket. \uc0{\u8220}Do you know how to swim?\uc0{\u8221} he asked. Taking a selfie with Nina}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I do,\uc0{\u8221} Nina replied. Looking herself in the mirror of Mr. Grey\uc0{\u8217}s car.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Where did you learn how to swim, and who taught you?\uc0{\u8221} He asked, stood up behind Nina\uc0{\u8217}s back, and they looked into the mirror together.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Mhhhm! My friends taught me how to swim at the river in my village, and I can teach you as well.\uc0{\u8221} Nina laughed. Pointing her finger at Mr. Grey\uc0{\u8217}s nose.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Okay, we will see at the beach.\uc0{\u8221} He said, opening the door of his vehicle and sit on the chair.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then, Mr. Grey drove the car to their respective homes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Next weekend, on Saturday, Mr. Grey came to pick up Nina. Nina wore a black dress, a gold belt, gold shoes, and gold bracelets. Nina was looking very nice in this outfit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Looking good, Nina, but in this outfit to the beach?\uc0{\u8221} Mr. Grey said, opening the door of the vehicle for Nina.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What is wrong with this?\uc0{\u8221} Nina asked, hugging Mr. Grey.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}No! There is no problem with your clothes; we will buy the outfits for the beach on our way to Kambiri Lodge.\uc0{\u8221} He said. Switching on the engine of his vehicle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Okay! So there is special clothing for the beach?\uc0{\u8221} She asked, wearing a seat belt.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yah! You will see yourself when we reach there.\uc0{\u8221} He said, driving the car to Kambiri Lodge.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr. Grey stopped at a certain boutique in town that sells swimwear and the like. He told Nina to try and wear two swimming suits if they could fit her in the testing room. Nina was very shy to wear such clothes because they showed her whole body. After she tried the clothes on, Nina was quite}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Who\uc0{\u8217}s going to wear this?\uc0{\u8221} she asked, putting the swimming attire in a plastic bag.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yourself!\uc0{\u160} Why?\uc0{\u160} Not good?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160} He said, grabbing the plastic bag from Nina\uc0{\u8217}s hands.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m not showing off my body,\uc0{\u8221} Nina said, going out of the shop and walking towards where they parked the car.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr. Grey grabbed her hand and told her that that was the dress for the beach. Mr. Grey told Nina that they were going there to swim and have fun.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}No one will even look at your body, no! People go there to enjoy, that\uc0{\u8217}s all,\uc0{\u8221} he said, touching her hand.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nina was not happy with this attire. When they reached Kambiri Lodge, Mr. Grey had already booked a room the previous day for that whole Saturday.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Wow! Lake Malawi is really beautiful,\uc0{\u8221} she said, jumping toward the waters of the lake.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Nina was very excited after seeing the lake; she never imagined that the lake was so very big.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr. Grey insisted that Nina should wear the swimming clothes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}You see, you are spoiling your clothes. If you really love me, wear this swimming attire,\uc0{\u8221} he said, walking towards the room.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}You know I love you, but this outfit?\uc0{\u8221} She said, coming toward Mr. Grey but not happy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Look around; you will notice that all people are in swimming attire,\uc0{\u8221} he said, grabbing Nina\uc0{\u8217}s hand and walking into the room.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Let me show you where you can change your clothes,\uc0{\u8221} he said, entering together into the booked room.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Okay fine! I will change, but go outside,\uc0{\u8221} Nina smiled, closing the door of the room.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Wait! Let me show you my magic touch first.\uc0{\u8221} He said, grabbing Nina in his arms, and kissing her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a while of kissing, they both fell onto the big, luxurious bed in which Nina had never slept before. The bed was so comfortable. Mr. Grey started to touch Nina\uc0{\u8217}s thighs. Nina pushed Mr. Grey out of the bed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Why are you so fast?\uc0{\u8221} Nina inquired, stepping out of bed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What do you mean?\uc0{\u8221} he asked, grabbing Nina\uc0{\u8217}s hand.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}The way you are touching me!\uc0{\u8221} she said, removing Mr. Grey\uc0{\u8217}s hand from her wrist.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}What\uc0{\u8217}s wrong with that? You are my girl now! I can get anything that I want from you!\uc0{\u8221} He raised his voice a little bit. Very furious}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yes, you are my man, but let\uc0{\u8217}s get parent blessings first before getting intimate.\uc0{\u8221} She said,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 According to Nina\uc0{\u8217}s culture, they were not supposed to be engaged in an intimate relationship before getting the blessing from their parents. However, Mr. Grey convinced Nina to do it because he was really craving it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I am so sorry, Nina, for shouting and forcing you to do this, but I want to make love with you now!\uc0{\u8221} he said, grabbing Nina softly while pushing her slowly to lay on the bed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I have never slept with a man before, and I don\uc0{\u8217}t think I will handle this now,\uc0{\u8221} she said, still refusing to lay on the soft bed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mr. Grey told Nina that they were getting married soon and that there was no harm in making love. Finally, Nina agreed to make love with Mr. Grey. Nina felt disrespectful in the presence of her parents, but at the same time, she thought that it was fine, as Mr. Grey would soon become his legal husband.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Thereafter, Nina wore the swimming attire and went into the waters of the beach.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Look at you! Beautiful!\uc0{\u8221} he said, touching her hand.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The bikini fit Nina very well, as she had the right shape and a nice body.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Oho! Thank you. Very shy. I am enjoying the waters; I love swimming!\uc0{\u8221} Nina smiled, trying to swim in the lake.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a few hours of swimming and drinking citrus juice together, Mr. Grey ordered chips and Chambo. They ate and spent the day happily, and they left the beach in the evening.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}