{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy14\hr20\min10\sec41}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy14\hr20\min10\sec41}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}They are amazing. Could you see them?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Which ones were your mean?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}stars.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}stars?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He starred at him sadly for a while and continued \uc0{\u8221}so you can see them even in day?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}everyone can see them if they open their eyes.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Other man wrote something on a white long page that was in his hands quickly. Displaced his eyeglasses on his eyes thoughtfully and again asked \uc0{\u8221}so, you see them. Since when ?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man looked him kindly with a little smile on the corner of his lips.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}About twentyfour years.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Young doctor surprised for a while.\uc0{\u8221}But you didn\uc0{\u8217}t speak about them untill two years ago.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Oldman smiled again and said\uc0{\u8221} I didn\uc0{\u8217}t say because people do not believe.\uc0{\u8221} He looked at young doctor\uc0{\u8221}as you.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I heard they speak with you. They do?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The old man strained his back and put his hand on bench, again watched sky and said\uc0{\u8221} Yes, some of them are too talkative\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Young doctor wrote something again and looked on his old gentleman patient. \uc0{\u8221}Could you please tell me what was the first time that you saw stars in day?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}When one of them asked me to see and speak with him.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Young doctor thought a little and wrote something.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Who was he?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}My ten years old patient. He couldn\uc0{\u8217}t defeat his distiny and after seven years fighting toward his cancer, he became a star.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Old man smiled and said \uc0{\u8221} don\uc0{\u8217}t be upset, he is not suffering pain anymore. He is here and looking at us, now I can see him, I am sure you can too if you really want.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the eyes of patient there was a peace which nobody could destroy. The young doctor tried to remember more things from the Oldman\uc0{\u8217}s case. He was a sixty seven man, a retired oncologist who admitted here two years ago for first time who released after six months without any recovery because of his family request and now he was again here, in mental hospital with same symptoms those he had; Claiming see stars all the time and speaking with them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}So one of the stars was your patient. What about others? Who are them? Are they all of them people who converted to star?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Yes I speak just with which of them who was human. Some of them are from my other patients who became stars, and others are their friends. I knew just some of them. Just the ones who were my patients, but now acquainted me with their other friends. I know more from them than past now, the new one is a little unruly. She is six. A little girl with woven red hair. My friends aren\uc0{\u8217}t cute?\uc0{\u8221} He said with a smile.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Young doctor remembered when oldman was a professor in university. Young doctor never missed his classes. He was a real doctor who the young doctor always respect him. He continued sadly and slowly \uc0{\u8221} Yes they are. So you can see their human faces?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}No, they speak about their appearance for me.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Young doctor remembered, professor didn\uc0{\u8217}t have family. He was orphan and as much as he could remember professor never married. He only supported a few orphans in the orphanage. So who applied for leave?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Professor looked at the face of young doctor again \uc0{\u8221}ask. Your face seems really thoughtful. What made you this much curious?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Excuse me professor. Can I ask you who for leave applied.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Professor smiled \uc0{\u8221} I am not strange as much you think. He was my old friend. You can remember he was your teacher in university too.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Young doctor remembered.\uc0{\u8221} Oh so he was.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Yes.I asked him. I was tired from here. But now I think I can be more useful here than home. Last time I came to hospital too. Here I can help as a trustful person in situation they are really feeling alone. They are alone in their own world. But you know what is more horrible? We all strive to finally feel peace in our hearts, souls, and minds. Imagine that your mind is separate from you or even more against you. This is what your patients are dealing with.I know why you are curious about my family. I accept whatever you have to say about me being sick. you are the doctor. Don\uc0{\u8217}t fight so much between your mind and your heart and make a decision. We humans sometimes cling to anything stupid to escape from difficult decisions.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Young doctor raised his eyebrows a little and said\uc0{\u8221} Professor everything is confusing. Believing in you is madness and\uc0{\u8230}Ah.\uc0{\u8221} he thought by himself \uc0{\u8221} what am I doing? He is a patient. \uc0{\u8221}Do you have new other things to say? you don\uc0{\u8217}t have a new happening to share with me, professor?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Oldman smiled, though he was a patient, all doctors still have called him professor. He was a good and wise friend for all patients. He has nothing sign as a patient but his weird speeches about stars. Professor said \uc0{\u8221} I have.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Young doctor was looking at him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} They have called me everyday since some days, you know what is weird, that it does not bother me. I like them and miss them most of the time. I think they want to take me with them.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For young doctor stoping his tears was not easy. He tried to keep them and concluded his notes. Being a logical doctor toward your dears is not routine. Accepting your dears are sick is not easy for anyone. It was not his first time that he saw his professor in this situation but two weeks were not enough to accept everything logically. In other hand it was his second month in this hospital, and except some interviews which with professor had, all he knew about him was from his case.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The smell of spring flowers was everywhere in the hospital yard. The young doctor collected his notes and said with a smile on his lips, \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}ll see you again later\uc0{\u8221} and got up and headed towards the hospital building. He could feel tears on his face, a bitter feeling took over his being, a feeling that neither the smell of flowers nor the beautiful spring sun could rival.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At night he tried to collect everything and have an idea to share with other doctors at morning, he as a doctor knows what he should say, but as a scholar who could determine the fate of his teacher, he did not know. The day after that doctors would gather and decide about the professor\uc0{\u8217}s situation. It would determine that he should be considered as a patient or just pretending. They did not even have enough reason to prove the malingering disorder. All doctors who were responsible for him were not sure about his situation. He was all right except seeing and talking with the stars which he mean. Young doctor was like others too, but this morning speech a little confused him. Professor was like a man who wanted to say goodbye. He was a little absent-minded and could not like other time focus on others face. Now young doctor should accept that his role model is really sick though his logically speeched, but it was not the only problem. Solving this complicated case was not easy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After a long time that he was staring at his pages, finally morning came. With a overloaded heart went to hospital, entered conference room and wanted to greet, but something was strange. Sorrow was appeared in all doctors faces. He felt coldness just like coming to a funeral. After he heard about happening, he found out the reason of his feeling. Days after that were not normal days for hospital. Doctors, nurses, crew and even patients were in mourning.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The last words of the professor did not leave the young doctor\uc0{\u8217}s mind. In front of all the patients, one sentence kept repeating in his mind. People who became strangers to themselves are infinitely lonely.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 End of the year, young doctor gathered all cases of the year. Name of professor again appeared. Accepting everything about professor were difficult. His sudden resignation from teaching at the university, his strange speeches though he didn\uc0{\u8217}t have any other sign of disease, his attitude that attracted everyone who was near to him and finally the way he died. The doctor sighed and wrote the professor\uc0{\u8217}s report in the list of deceased patients as well, although he was still not entirely sure of the professor\uc0{\u8217}s diagnosis.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next patient was a girl who was died one month before acceptance of professor. A six years old girl with woven red hair.}}\par
\sect
}