{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy18\hr11\min39\sec41}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy18\hr11\min39\sec41}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Unmocked got Mocked}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was a rich man in my village by the name; Vinje. He was very rich because he was practicing witchcraft for his wealth. Vinje had ten children: five girls and five boys. They all grew up and attended primary up to high school. His wife, by the name; Mercy, was very beautiful and always dressed nicely and neatly because she had many clothes. In addition, she used to clean her hair with expensive shampoo, and the hair always looked fresh as she had the afro. She used to style her hair with the expensive oil.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The family had a big shop in the village where people from the nearest town used to come and buy goods from his shop because he had everything that people wanted to buy in the shop. You talk of clothes, shoes, groceries, building materials, and bicycle spare parts, were all available in Vinje\uc0{\u8217}s shop.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Vinje and Mercy had poor customer service as they treated customers badly. For instance, if a customer is asking for the price of something in the shop, they used to take a long time without responding to him/her. People said that when people were entering his shop, he could see their nakedness because of his magic, as he used to stare at the customers from the head to the toes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When a person was dead, they used to attend the funeral, but after the burial, they had to undress everything that they wore to the funeral at the gate of their house, claiming that if they entered with the clothes, they would bring bad luck (the spirit of death) to their family. One day, an old woman died in the village. As usual, Mercy and her husband attended the funeral ceremony. Upon arriving from the funeral, Mercy called for another pair of clothes before entering the gate, as she used to change her clothes by using the guardroom at the gate. Then she told the housegirl to wash those clothes right away. The same thing happened when Vinje arrived at the gate; he also called for his pair of clothes to change to avoid bad luck.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Vinje and his wife were talking ill with no respect at all, when a person was dead. To them, they regarded those who were dying as unlucky or not taking care of themselves. After some years, their children grew old, and others became parents. Then, the spirit of death came into their home. Their first-born son died after a short illness. Many people attended the funeral ceremony to see if Vinje and his wife would keep changing clothes. Others mocked them; they kept quiet and cried for their lovely dead son.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After three months of mourning their dead son, their second daughter also died after a short illness. Vinje asked for forgiveness from the people who were killing their children mysteriously, but no one confronted them for the wrongdoing. Another tragedy happened to the Vinje family, as they lost all the children except the fourth son.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At last, Vinje also died. Mercy and her fourth son left. All the wealth disappeared.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Currently, Mercy respects and cares for people because she sees the value of respecting people, whether they are rich or poor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}