{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy07\hr23\min39\sec50}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy07\hr23\min39\sec50}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In a small African country named Koch, there was a young potential , outspoken lady named Ageno who had always been\uc0{\u160} eloquent about her unpopular opinion regarding the ruling Government. She was a Highly\uc0{\u160} Educated Political Scientist\uc0{\u160} who strongly Believed in Democracy and the need for\uc0{\u160} change in the Political System of her Country.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Current Government in Koch had been in power for over three decades, and the people had become\uc0{\u160} increasingly dissatisfied with their leadership full of corruption and nepotism which were widespread\uc0{\u160} in the country, whereby\uc0{\u160} the country\uc0{\u8217}s resources were being misused for personal gain by a few in high positions. Ageno was one of the few who spoke against this and was not mindful of the repercussions.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ageno\uc0{\u8217}s unpopular opinion made her a big target since she came out as a voice to the voiceless in the ruling Government\uc0{\u160} . She was frequently threatened, harassed, and her life was in danger. However, she remained steadfast, undeterred and continued to speak out against the injustices\uc0{\u160} perpetrated by the regime.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day, Ageno received a call from a prominent Opposition leader who frequently\uc0{\u160} loved her opinion against injustice in the ruling Government. The opposition leader was impressed with her\uc0{\u160} patriotic endeavors\uc0{\u160} for her country and encouraged her to contest in one of the offices\uc0{\u160} in the upcoming Elections.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At first She was hesitant knowing that running for that position would put her life at risk, and was not sure if she was ready to make that sacrifice. However, because of\uc0{\u160} her love for her country and being a voice to the voiceless she took up the position in the upcoming Elections.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ageno\uc0{\u8217}s campaign was unlike others. Her\uc0{\u160} manifesto was outstanding whereby she pointed out the need for a new political system that would be accountable to the people, the importance for the\uc0{\u160} youth to participate\uc0{\u160} in politics and the need for more women to be represented in Government.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Despite the challenges she faced, Ageno\uc0{\u8217}s campaign gained momentum. The people of Koch were inspired by her manifesto and important points she tabled that made the masses believe that change was at the horizon . However, the ruling Government was not about to give up without a fight.On the day of the election, Ageno\uc0{\u8217}s supporters came in large numbers to Cast their vote. Nonetheless, there were reports of vote rigging and intimidation of her supporters in some particular areas though she emerged victorious with a slim margin of votes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her victory was a turning point for Koch. For the first time in decades, the country had a new government that was accountable to the people. Ageno\uc0{\u8217}s unpopular opinion had become a popular movement, and she had become a symbol of hope for the people of Koch.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}