{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy21\hr00\min37\sec16}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy21\hr00\min37\sec16}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Entering the crowded butchery, goats and cows being slaughtered, he approached the butcher, Mr. Siriyake. As he shuffled his feet, his eyes met Mr. Siriyake, who was busy handling a knife.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Excuse me, sir. I\uc0{\u8217}m looking for a job,\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Job?\uc0{\u8221} Mr. Siriyake stopped his work, staring at him, \uc0{\u8221}Ask Mr. Kazungu, that old man.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With a slight nod, Jackson turned towards Mr. Kazungu. \uc0{\u8221}Excuse me, sir. I\uc0{\u8217}m looking for a job here at the butchery.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Kazungu scratched his chin slightly. \uc0{\u8221}I appreciate your interest, but we don\uc0{\u8217}t have enough money to pay additional workers. You might have better luck elsewhere.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Please, I\uc0{\u8217}m willing to volunteer for free. I just want to gain experience and assist wherever I can.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With a raised eyebrow, Mr. Kazungu said, \uc0{\u8221}If you\uc0{\u8217}re truly willing to volunteer, you can help us with slaughtering the animals.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Absolutely, I\uc0{\u8217}ll start right now!\uc0{\u8221} Jackson said, as kazungu handed him a tank top to wear for the work.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Later, as the day ended, Jackson returned home with a portion of fresh meat wrapped in a plastic bag. His foster mother greeted him at the door.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Jackson, you\uc0{\u8217}re back! Why didn\uc0{\u8217}t you come for lunch today?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I got a job at the butchery,\uc0{\u8221} he said. \uc0{\u8221}I spent the day learning and proving my dedication.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}A butchery? When did you start working there?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I went today, at first, they turned me away, but in the end they let me volunteer.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}And what\uc0{\u8217}s that in the bag?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I brought some meat from the butchery. I\uc0{\u8217}ll be bringing meat home, though I won\uc0{\u8217}t be paid,\uc0{\u8221} he said with a smile on his lips.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}That\uc0{\u8217}s wonderful! But why seeking out a job at a butchery? You are still young, you suppose}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 d to do something different?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Back in the DRC,\uc0{\u8221} he said with his hands gesturing,\uc0{\u8221} I hunted wild animals to survive. But after three months of eating only vegetables with pap here, I was motivated to find work at the butchery.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Placing a hand on his shoulder, his foster mother said, \uc0{\u8221}You\uc0{\u8217}re so brave!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After six months of volunteering, Jackson approached Mr. Kazungu, who looked busy overseeing the operations at the butchery.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Mr. Kazungu, I\uc0{\u8217}ve been volunteering here for a while now. Can we discuss starting to pay me for my work?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m sorry, Jackson,\uc0{\u8221} he said with a sigh. \uc0{\u8221}We still can\uc0{\u8217}t afford to pay all our workers. Perhaps you could continue volunteering a bit longer.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Looking disappointed, Jackson nodded and walked away. \uc0{\u8221}I can\uc0{\u8217}t keep doing this for free. Mr. Kazungu expects me to work for nothing forever. This has to change,\uc0{\u8221} he muttered to himself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A month passed no work and without any meat at Jackson home, so he sat on the porch\uc0{\u8221} What is my next move now\uc0{\u8230} I think I should hunt in the neighborhood.\uc0{\u8221} He muttered.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 That night, beneath a full moon, determined to catch astray cats, Jackson gathered bones from the nearby bar and set a trap in their compound behind the kitchen. As he waited in the kitchen, holding a large stick, he dozed off. He awoke to the sound of heavy footsteps. \uc0{\u8221}What\uc0{\u8217}s that? No, it\uc0{\u8217}s not a cat\uc0{\u8230} it\uc0{\u8217}s a dog?\uc0{\u8221} It was a medium-sized dog caught in his trap.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He jumped out side, and in a calculated move, he closed the dog\uc0{\u8217}s paws tightly, wrapping his right hand around the dog\uc0{\u8217}s neck. \uc0{\u8221} Please, Bebe help me hold the dog\uc0{\u8217}s legs.\uc0{\u8221} He called out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} I\uc0{\u8217}m scared, I can\uc0{\u8217}t help please, try it yourself.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Keeping the dog\uc0{\u8217}s hind legs between Jackson\uc0{\u8217}s, he slid his left hand beneath his abdomen and against the dog\uc0{\u8217}s spine, straightening up to extend it. With a series pushes, his left hand applied force repeatedly until a crack signaled the breaking of its backbone. He threw it down.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Seriously, you handled it like a pro! to the point of killing it!\uc0{\u8221} Bebe said, shaking .\uc0{\u8221}It was a tough moment.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}But in such a difficult time, you should have helped me. You are being childish,\uc0{\u8221} Jackson chided.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I was really scared. But you\uc0{\u8217}re a hero, you did it all by yourself,\uc0{\u8221} Bebe said, smiling.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jackson proceeded to skin the dog, removing the internal organs, chopped the meat into small pieces. He grilled some pieces}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 and boiled the remaining.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Just then, Sane, a new friend, arrived. \uc0{\u8221}Sane, you\uc0{\u8217}re just in time! Join us for dinner,\uc0{\u8221} Jackson said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Seated, Sane was presented with freshly cooked pap and pieces of meat. \uc0{\u8221}Welcome, Sane!\uc0{\u8221} Jackson\uc0{\u8217}s foster mother said. \uc0{\u8221}Please, help yourself!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Accepting the offering, Sane consumed the meal,\uc0{\u8221}This is delicious, Jackson! The goat must have been well-fed.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jackson and his foster mother exchanged amused glances, stifling their laughter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A knock on the door interrupted them. \uc0{\u8221}Come in,\uc0{\u8221} Jackson said, as a certain man from Kasai, entered.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Welcome. Would you like to join us at the table?\uc0{\u8221} Jackson said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I would love to, but I\uc0{\u8217}m in a hurry.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Oh, I almost forgot. Jackson, this is Kabeya.\uc0{\u8221} Said his foster mother,\uc0{\u8221} He\uc0{\u8217}s here about the dog meat request.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}ve heard you\uc0{\u8217}re the man for the job, Jackson,\uc0{\u8221} Kabeya said. \uc0{\u8221}I need a dog caught and prepared. How much for the service?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}MK 10,000.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Okay, here you go. Let me know when it\uc0{\u8217}s ready.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Upon realizing the situation, Sane said. \uc0{\u8221}Wait, do you hunt dogs? What kind of meat have we been eating?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}It\uc0{\u8217}s \uc0{\u8230} dog meat,\uc0{\u8221} Jackson said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Oh no! You eat dog meat in this family? You made me eat something I can\uc0{\u8217}t stomach!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m sorry, we didn\uc0{\u8217}t know you don\uc0{\u8217}t eat dog meat,\uc0{\u8221} Jackson said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Standing abruptly, Sane said, \uc0{\u8221}Jackson, I can\uc0{\u8217}t continue our friendship after this. You tricked me into eating something I don\uc0{\u8217}t consume.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}We truly didn\uc0{\u8217}t know.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}We\uc0{\u8217}re very sorry,\uc0{\u8221} Jackson foster mother added.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m leaving. This is where our friendship ends,\uc0{\u8221} Sane said, stepping outside.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jackson and his foster mother laughed.\uc0{\u8221} I hope you can forgive me,\uc0{\u8221} Jackson said after Sane.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Upon returning home, visibly upset.\uc0{\u8221}I went to Jackson\uc0{\u8217}s place, and he made me eat dog meat without warning.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sane\uc0{\u8217}s family listened attentively. \uc0{\u8221}That\uc0{\u8217}s awful!\uc0{\u8221} his father said. \uc0{\u8221}How could he not tell you?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I can\uc0{\u8217}t imagine eating that!\uc0{\u8221} his mother, said, shaking her head.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Exactly! I felt betrayed,\uc0{\u8221} Sane said, feigning nausea.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Ugh, just the thought makes me sick,\uc0{\u8221} the mother continued.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry bro, if is to die you will die together with your friend Jackson.\uc0{\u8221} His sister, Peruse said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Zip your mouth, what are you saying!\uc0{\u8221} Said Sane.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I can\uc0{\u8217}t believe it. What\uc0{\u8217}s wrong with people these days?\uc0{\u8221} Sane\uc0{\u8217}s father added. \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}d rather eat vegetables for the rest of my life than any part of Fluffy.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Peruse laughed}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 . \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m sorry for what happened to you today, bro,\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}