{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo08\dy21\hr16\min01\sec52}{\revtim \yr2022\mo08\dy21\hr16\min01\sec52}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Upside down\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Rahmat came home and told us to collect all our belongings in two days, and that we will leave Afghanistan.\uc0{\u8221} Z. says with a feeling of joy and excitement in her eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}She wears panjabi, her two younger daughters too. One is 12 and the other is 13. None wear hijab, but their companions do, they were wearing it in Afghanistan as well. They seem to be comfortable in their traditional colorful dress both have brought from Afghanistan, but the way others are looking at them makes them uncomfortable.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My analysis about outfit and physical appearance of people is not yet complete, but I will never change my outfit just because others have not seen this type of clothing. In fact they are matured to keep it, but those who want others to wear the way that is accepted by them need to train themselves.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What is it called? Hmm I think it is mainly the ideology of the idealists.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She knows nothing about passing borders, nothing about the camps and detentions. Their first station was Pakistan and their last one Germany.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What if this would be the summary of the story ,for all refugees passing borders?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What happened when they did the evacuation?\uc0{\u8221} I asked the woman.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}My husband was working in the German military camp in Kunduz province of Afghanistan as a barber for some years.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The laws about acceptance of refugees is one of the most complicated, unfair, bureaucratic and violent systems of instruction of rules I have ever faced. A scandalose game of truth, which is mercurised by lies. The concept of humanity has the weakest voice in it, this would have never happened if the priority would be the life of people, not their arrival in seeking asylum.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The first time I met her was when her Husband, R. came to me and asked me to fill out the asylum documents of his family. He came to me with a bandl of passports in his hands.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}How many children do you have?\uc0{\u8221} I asked him curiously.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Seven children,\uc0{\u8221} he answered calmly.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His answer made me get more curious to know his age, and found from the passport that he is just 35.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}How did you get this type of passport?\uc0{\u8221} I asked him while filling out his family\uc0{\u8217}s documents.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The type of passports they had was not from Afghanistan, it was something eligible to travel to Europe with no need to have a visa.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The organization made us themselves within two weeks.\uc0{\u8221} he answered warmthly.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And yes, it took my family two years to come from the margins of Europe to the center of Europe.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Some days passed and Z. got closer to all of us. She is a silent woman and some days later as she has an appointment in the hospital, I went and found out that she is pregnant.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This made me sad, I just thought of his youngest baby which is still breastfeeding.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She is physically weak and has not gotten used to her new life.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Is she thinking about abortion?\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In Afghanistan aboration is not under control of government, but is a self decision and religiously not allowed in a sense, it is called \uc0{\u8220}Haram.\uc0{\u8221} but does not have a punishment if the man and woman agree on it.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the past few days she was feeling terrible, and in the last appointment with the doctor the risk of birth was alarming.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She needed to decide.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Whom were you living with in Kunduz?\uc0{\u8221} I asked her in the common kitchen we use in the camp where we live together.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}My husband\uc0{\u8217}s family, and four more brides from the same family. All in a self constructed house which all brothers built with brakes.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Last night eating dinner with my parents and two sisters, all around one table cloth, enjoying the Bamya cooked by my mom, my father with a full mouth said,\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I asked mister E. that he should thank Allah for being here, otherwise who could feed all these children in this economic crisis in Afghanistan. Then he answered with wet eyes that tears circled around.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} I would have sold one or two oft them.\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This made me put the bite of food I prepared to put in my mouth. This made me think of thousands of families who are suffering under this condition and the world is forgetting them day by day.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This is a harsh reality, but you are not to know about it until you want to know.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The children will keep the name of their country in mind and in their memories, but will be trained to know more about Germany which is to become their second land. They will grow the soil of this second homeland of themselves in their heart.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A land in which the mind of many countries is raised.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My experiences in the camps of Greece is not letting me see the system of imperialism far from my eyes, it is happening in the escapes of mind.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But things are deeper than what I am analyzing, something like the tip of a mountain. Or reading one page of any four religious books.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All in all, it is about us and what we can do which we have never done. Like connecting first class with last class, or people who live in another world to the world you live in and all your problems are to run your daily life or overrun it.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I like critical analysis, so I am wrong if you are thinking that you address me as aparthedist, but I am right that you are thinking that my self-absorbed thoughts are so complicated, if you are part one \uc0{\u8220}Another world\uc0{\u8221}.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}