{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy13\hr19\min34\sec58}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy13\hr19\min34\sec58}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Walked into the market with my mom to buy some veggies}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 suppliers calling out here and there, displaying their \uc0{\u8220}wow\uc0{\u8221} in categories}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Observant, mom took me to the right seller,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 she knows better}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 better than my eyes could see}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 like a microscope she perceived}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She detects the components and knows if they\uc0{\u8217}ll be important for my body\uc0{\u8217}s improvement}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 if they contain vitamin A for adoration, B for belief, C for Christ\uc0{\u8217}s love and D for discernment}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She knows better}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But I was aflutter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Taking the veggies home}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She disinfects them in warm water, kills the flaws}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So, I ponder why she chose the unclean ones over the perfect ones which were good for a meal}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember her declaring she knows what\uc0{\u8217}s the best for me}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I watched her cooking, my tongue longing to touch them}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Could feel the taste changing for real, before tasting them}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The attractive aroma of theirs was irresistible}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The atmosphere of trust abounded and became unbreakable.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Finished cooking and surprisingly kept the pot covered}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wondered again why she did that}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I recall in the market they were openly exposed to the air}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She consents they were exposed to different bacteria}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now they were bought and cleaned, all that was work done to value them}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 she can\uc0{\u8217}t tolerate letting them at the mercy of vectors contaminating them}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Can\uc0{\u8217}t tolerate letting them vulnerable as if they were back for sell again;}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She bought them and fought for them}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 then keeps them with diligence and love.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I can say that she became jealous and doesn\uc0{\u8217}t easily share the sweetness with anyone}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 because she knows the bitterness of being exposed}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the bitterness of having them transformed}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In her heart, they were controlled}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So, I came to understand that I misunderstood her by saying it was dictatorship}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 jealousy caused by hardship she went through to have them ready.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My mom is a he or she who is our guardians, parenting us spiritually or physically}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I understand the pain they felt}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I can\uc0{\u8217}t feel it correctly because I\uc0{\u8217}m not their flesh.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In our memories they should be alive}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As examples given, we can\uc0{\u8217}t forget how they helped us survive.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After being sharpened, everyone wants to clap hands to have them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I meant to have veggies.}}\par
\sect
}