{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy06\hr09\min58\sec46}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy06\hr09\min58\sec46}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From the unpublished book: \uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}L\uc0{\u8217}etranger visage de Junior\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} by Pierre Gasore}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 VIII. New Stanley\uc0{\u8217}s Dwarf}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the middle of Nairobi in the company of Mollel, a sniper, indeed Mollel is less than thirty years old. Junior almost fainted in this human tide during the day, a crowd in constant movement in all directions of the city\uc0{\u8230} a crowd of people of all colors and sizes silently pacing the streets of the city\uc0{\u8230} a city in delirium to tell the whole story. People who don\uc0{\u8217}t talk to each other, who walk and walk\uc0{\u8230} Junior reserved a lot of questions for Mollel once they arrived at their destination. In town near the Hilton Hotel, the center of gravity of the city of Nairobi, Junior saw a white man like no other in a Chinese hat and sunglasses, her skin was different from that of Sister Sophie who gave them the religion course at Donholm catholic school\uc0{\u8230} The lesson always started with a \uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}God is good\uc0{\u8230} All the time\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8230} and \uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}all the time God is good \uc0{\u8230} \uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} Junior will learn to his surprise that the white man is descended from an all black mother and father and, that by this fact an albino \uc0{\u8211} that\uc0{\u8217}s his scientific name is also a black! A white descendant of blacks\uc0{\u8230}.! Junior decided to resume his studies and to study human sciences to understand the explanations of his father who does not lack an answer to each of his questions. Shortly before, Junior saw a small white woman below or under the shadow of a Sudanese man passing through this place\uc0{\u8230} The small and beautiful enraged woman was shouting loudly but also desperately with a dictionary in her hand\uc0{\u8230} mwizi \uc0{\u8230}mwiziiii\uc0{\u8230}ii\uc0{\u8230}! A bandit had snatched his gold chain, his handbag and, the time to consult his dictionary to see what thief means in Swahili\uc0{\u8230}: mwizi had scampered off and he was already at Accra bar and Restaurant, after a brief passage at forex office in New Stanley to change his euros for Kenyan shillings. Mollel tells Junior that such a distracted woman in Nairobi must be French. An Englishwoman would have been more attentive and on the alert\uc0{\u8230}! Junior swore that he must go back to school to know how to distinguish the mzungus circulating in Africa.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the vicinity of New Stanley Hotel before boarding the vehicle which was to bring them back to Tanzania by the River side company, Junior saw a dwarf who talked with his eyes in the air with the taxi drivers of this place. Junior asked Mollel why this child who was playing with the grown-ups did not stay at home or go up country to see the grandparents\uc0{\u8230} Mollel told him that this one was not a child but rather a father family who was struggling so that his children could go to school, at the start of the school year. Such men, he continues, are called compendiums of the wonders of nature\uc0{\u8230}! Junior could understand the other chapters of urban anthropology but the question of the dwarf from New Stanley, a child father\uc0{\u8230}! This was in the realm of metaphysics\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On board the shuttle that brought them to Arusha, still on Kenyatta Avenue, making its way towards Mombassa road, with a view to branching off further towards Kitengela, Junior is hanging on to his father with all eyes, all ears. Suddenly the people of the city mobilized there! Someone whispered:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 _ The President passes by here.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Junior was rather impressed by the roar of the engines of the Piki-Piki of the presidential motorcade, the sirens of the presidential suite strangely reminded him of the Donholm ambulance and of the kizima-moto \uc0{\u160}in the event of very frequent local fires near the Industrial Park in Buruburu . He was seized with panic, but his father calmed and reassured him, saying:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 _ When the president moves everyone stops, nothing moves.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 _ But dad, is his house on fire? Is he himself sick?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To this embarrassing question Mollel answers:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 _ The houses of all presidents are always well guarded, but you have to be sick to be a president of a people who don\uc0{\u8217}t love you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The father\uc0{\u8217}s answers to simple questions from the child were beginning to be sophisticated; the shuttle is already on the fork that leads to Kitengela towards Tanzania\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 ORIGINAL VERSION:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 VIII. Le nain de new Stanley}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 En\uc0{\u160} pleine ville de Nairobi en compagnie de Mollel, tireur d\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u233}lite, en effet Mollel a moins de\uc0{\u160} trente ans. Junior failli tomber en syncope dans cette mar\uc0{\u233}e humaine pendant la journ\uc0{\u233}e, une foule en mouvement ininterrompu dans toutes les directions de la ville\uc0{\u8230} une foule de gens de toutes les couleurs et de toutes\uc0{\u160} les tailles arpentant silencieusement les\uc0{\u160} art\uc0{\u232}res de la ville\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u160} une ville en\uc0{\u160} d\uc0{\u233}lire pour tout dire. Des personnes qui ne se parlent pas, qui marchent et marchent\uc0{\u8230} Junior r\uc0{\u233}servait beaucoup de questions \uc0{\u224} Mollel une fois arriv\uc0{\u233}s \uc0{\u224} destination. En ville pr\uc0{\u232}s de Hilton Hotel, centre de gravit\uc0{\u233} de la ville de Nairobi, Junior aper\uc0{\u231}u\uc0{\u160} un blanc pas comme les autres\uc0{\u160} en\uc0{\u160} chapeau chinois et lunettes solaires, sa peau \uc0{\u233}tait diff\uc0{\u233}rente de celle de s\uc0{\u339}ur Sophie qui leur donnait le cours de religion \uc0{\u224} Donholm catholic school\uc0{\u8230} La le\uc0{\u231}on d\uc0{\u233}butait toujours par un \uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}God is good\uc0{\u8230} All the time\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8230} and \uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}all the time God is good\uc0{\u8230} \uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} Junior apprendra\uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u224} sa grande surprise que l\uc0{\u8217}homme blanc descend d\uc0{\u8217}une m\uc0{\u232}re et\uc0{\u160} d\uc0{\u8217}un p\uc0{\u232}re tous noirs et, que\uc0{\u160} par ce fait un albinos \uc0{\u8211} c\uc0{\u8217}est son nom scientifique est aussi un noir! Un blanc descendant des noirs\uc0{\u8230}.! Junior d\uc0{\u233}cida de reprendre ses \uc0{\u233}tudes\uc0{\u160} et d\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u233}tudier les sciences de l\uc0{\u8217}homme pour comprendre les explications de son p\uc0{\u232}re qui ne manque pas de r\uc0{\u233}ponse \uc0{\u224} chacune de ses questions. En peu plus avant Junior aper\uc0{\u231}ut une petite\uc0{\u160} femme\uc0{\u160} blanche en dessous ou sous l\uc0{\u8217}ombre d\uc0{\u8217}un soudanais de passage \uc0{\u224} cet endroit\uc0{\u8230} La petite et belle femme enrag\uc0{\u233}e \uc0{\u233}tait entrain de crier haut et fort mais aussi d\uc0{\u233}sesp\uc0{\u233}r\uc0{\u233}ment un dictionnaire \uc0{\u224} la main\uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u8230} mwizi\uc0{\u8230} mwiziiii\uc0{\u8230}ii\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u160}! Un bandit lui avait arrach\uc0{\u233} sa chainette en or, son sac \uc0{\u224} main et, le temps de consulter son dictionnaire pour voir ce que signifie voleur en swahili\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u160}: mwizi avait d\uc0{\u233}tal\uc0{\u233} et il \uc0{\u233}tait d\uc0{\u233}j\uc0{\u224} bien \uc0{\u224} Accra bar and Restaurant, apr\uc0{\u232}s un bref passage \uc0{\u224} forex\uc0{\u160} bureau de New Stanley\uc0{\u160} pour changer\uc0{\u160} ses euros\uc0{\u160} contre les kenyans shillings. Mollel dit \uc0{\u224} Junior\uc0{\u160} que\uc0{\u160} une telle femme distraite \uc0{\u224} Nairobi devait \uc0{\u234}tre une fran\uc0{\u231}aise. Une anglaise\uc0{\u160} aurait\uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u233}t\uc0{\u233}\uc0{\u160} plus attentive et sur le qui-vive\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u160}! Junior\uc0{\u160} jura\uc0{\u160} qu\uc0{\u8217}il doit\uc0{\u160} reprendre les \uc0{\u233}tudes pour savoir distinguer les mzungus\uc0{\u160} qui circulent en Afrique. Que cherchent-ils finalement\uc0{\u160}?\uc0{\u8230} Tant\uc0{\u244}t ils sont descendant des noirs, tant\uc0{\u244}t ils ne connaissent\uc0{\u160} pas swahili\uc0{\u8230}!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dans les environs de New Stanley Hotel avant de monter \uc0{\u224} bord du v\uc0{\u233}hicule qui\uc0{\u160} devait les ramener en Tanzanie par la compagnie River side, Junior aper\uc0{\u231}ut un nain qui parlait les yeux en l\uc0{\u8217}air avec les taximen de cet endroit. Junior demanda \uc0{\u224} Mollel pourquoi\uc0{\u160} cet enfant qui jouait avec les\uc0{\u160} grands ne restait pas\uc0{\u160} \uc0{\u224} la maison ou n\uc0{\u8217}allait\uc0{\u160} pas up country voir les grands parents\uc0{\u8230} Mollel lui dit que celui-l\uc0{\u224} n\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u233}tait\uc0{\u160} pas\uc0{\u160} un enfant que c\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u233}tait plut\uc0{\u244}t un p\uc0{\u232}re de famille qui luttait pour que ses enfants puissent aller \uc0{\u224} l\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u233}cole, \uc0{\u224} la\uc0{\u160} rentr\uc0{\u233}e scolaire. De tels hommes poursuit-il sont appel\uc0{\u233}s des condens\uc0{\u233}s des merveilles de la nature\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u160}! Junior pouvait comprendre les autres chapitres de l\uc0{\u8217}anthropologie urbaine mais la question du nain de new Stanley, un enfant\uc0{\u160} p\uc0{\u232}re de famille..! Cela \uc0{\u233}tait du domaine\uc0{\u160} de la m\uc0{\u233}taphysique\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A bord de la navette qui les amenait \uc0{\u224} Arusha, toujours sur Kenyatta Avenue en se frayant le chemin vers Mombassa road, en vue de bifurquer plus loin vers Kitengela, Junior est accroch\uc0{\u233} \uc0{\u224} son p\uc0{\u232}re tout yeux, tout oreilles. Tout \uc0{\u224} coup le peuple de la ville s\uc0{\u8217}y mobilisa! Quelqu\uc0{\u8217}un chuchota\uc0{\u160}:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 _ Le Pr\uc0{\u233}sident passe par ici.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Junior fut plut\uc0{\u244}t impressionn\uc0{\u233} par les vrombissements des moteurs des Piki-Piki du cort\uc0{\u232}ge pr\uc0{\u233}sidentiel, les sir\uc0{\u232}nes de la suite pr\uc0{\u233}sidentielle lui rappela \uc0{\u233}trangement l\uc0{\u8217}ambulance de Donholm et des kizima-moto en cas d\uc0{\u8217}incendies locales tr\uc0{\u232}s fr\uc0{\u233}quentes pr\uc0{\u232}s du Park industriel \uc0{\u224} Buruburu. Il fut saisi de panique, mais son p\uc0{\u232}re le tranquillisa et le rassura, en disant\uc0{\u160}:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 _ Quand le pr\uc0{\u233}sident\uc0{\u160} se d\uc0{\u233}place tout le monde s\uc0{\u8217}immobilise, rien ne bouge.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 _ Mais papa, sa maison est-elle en\uc0{\u160} feu\uc0{\u160}? Lui \uc0{\u8211}m\uc0{\u234}me\uc0{\u160} est-il malade?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A cette question embarrassante Mollel r\uc0{\u233}pond:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 _ Les maisons de tous les pr\uc0{\u233}sidents sont toujours bien gard\uc0{\u233}es, mais il faut \uc0{\u234}tre malade pour \uc0{\u234}tre\uc0{\u160} un pr\uc0{\u233}sident d\uc0{\u8217}un peuple\uc0{\u160} qui ne t\uc0{\u8217}aime pas.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Les r\uc0{\u233}ponses du p\uc0{\u232}re \uc0{\u224} de simples questions de l\uc0{\u8217}enfant commen\uc0{\u231}aient \uc0{\u224} \uc0{\u234}tre sophistiqu\uc0{\u233}es; la navette\uc0{\u160} est d\uc0{\u233}j\uc0{\u224} sur la bifurcation qui m\uc0{\u232}ne \uc0{\u224} Kitengela vers la Tanzanie\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}