{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy15\hr17\min53\sec54}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy15\hr17\min53\sec54}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Theo, wake up, it is time to get ready for school\uc0{\u8221} my uncle would whisper to my ear. \uc0{\u8220}Give me a bit more time to sleep.\uc0{\u8221} I murmured back in response. To wake me up, my uncle had to take off the bedsheet. Like a hen sheltering her chicks in the rain, my uncle\uc0{\u8217}s devotion was enough to make me feel loved. For me to eat at school my uncle would pack in my school bag some snacks. Life as a junior high school student under my uncle\uc0{\u8217}s care was so amazing. My uncle was the best. I would chin up, proudly praise my uncle among my friends. Much like a painter beautify and paints walls white, I would paint my uncle with sweet words among my peers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My uncle and I had a really close bond. My parents worked far from home, leaving me under my uncle\uc0{\u8217}s care. However, occasionally, they would drop over and bring a bunch of toys and snacks. Although I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t deny that I missed them, I was glad for my uncle\uc0{\u8217}s care. My uncle would accompany me to see my parents in Gisenyi town during our extended school breaks so we could spend time together. I was enjoying life until things took another turn. I was too young to understand what it meant to serve in the military.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My uncle woke me up early in the morning. I thought it was as usual waking me up for school, but this time it was different. \uc0{\u8220}Come let me get you ready, your parents are coming to pick you up.\uc0{\u8221} I was in a confusion. \uc0{\u8220}You are going to be staying with your parents in town starting today; I won\uc0{\u8217}t be around for quite a while.\uc0{\u8221} My uncle said to me. \uc0{\u8220}What about my school?\uc0{\u8221} I asked. \uc0{\u8220}You will attend school in the town where your parents stay.\uc0{\u8221} Things were confusing. Changes were happening in a blink of an eye.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Not long after my uncle had dressed me, we heard the car\uc0{\u8217}s horn. \uc0{\u8220}Oh, your parents are here.\uc0{\u8221} With a smile on the face my uncle said to me. My parents came over to me after getting out of the car, hugged me, and kissed on my forehead. I was not happy, my parents understood that. \uc0{\u8220}Your hero is leaving to defend our nation; your uncle is a soldier.\uc0{\u8221} My mother told me. \uc0{\u8220}Your uncle will return before the year ends, so do not worry, son.\uc0{\u8221} Said my father. These words made me smile hearing my uncle was a hero and would be defending the country. \uc0{\u8220}Uncle, you are the best in the world.\uc0{\u8221} I said to him. He smiled and hugged me tight before giving me a souvenir of a toy gun.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had not idea that the toy gun was going to be the final gift from my uncle. My uncle carried me and put me in the car and shut the door shortly after those goodbyes. He talked to my parents, but was not able to hear him. After giving him a final hug, my parents got into the car and headed back to town. From that day I never heard from my uncle again. Every day after school, I would stand on the balcony and gaze at the moon while hoping that my uncle would return soon.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Days appeared as months, and months as years.\uc0{\u160} I was missing my uncle. We waited until the day the soldiers were expected to return. Other soldiers did return but my uncle didn\uc0{\u8217}t. As Other families were embracing their loved ones with joy, we were there wondering what had happened to my uncle. My uncle was not coming back. \uc0{\u8220}We were ambushed, we got dispersed, and a few soldiers lost their lives, but we don\uc0{\u8217}t know where Luka is; If he was dead, we could have found his body.\uc0{\u8221} Said the comrade of my uncle. The news left my parents completely devastated. My whole family has been waiting for uncle Luka\uc0{\u8217}s return, but to no avail. Years went by with no updates about him. We kept the faith that one day he will return. It has been more than 20 years since he vanished. What remains to be asked is: will my uncle ever come back?}}\par
\sect
}