{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy05\hr18\min47\sec52}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy05\hr18\min47\sec52}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I don\uc0{\u8217}t understand why men can\uc0{\u8217}t live without war? }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why don\uc0{\u8217}t we women want these things and don\uc0{\u8217}t need them?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Taken from Tolstoy\uc0{\u8217}s War and Peace\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The last book I read was \uc0{\u8221}War and Peace\uc0{\u8221} by Tolstoy It has 4 volumes and is a long and magnificent book about the time when Russia gradually entered the war. But this time the rival was one of the most popular countries for the Russian people.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This novel is a story about rich aristocratic families and the impact of war on them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Also talks about either stay and fight or flee! The name of the book shows that we live sadness and happiness together.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Life consists of these two states.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The book War and Peace began with peace, then entered into war, and finally ended with peace. I believe that Tolstoy wants to show the filth and extravagance of aristocratic families. At the beginning of the story, Tolstoy talks about the absurdity of the Russian aristocratic society with its ceremonies and parties.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 With this book, Tolstoy has recorded a part of history and preserved it in memories.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The best thing about this book is that no one is good or bad, you may not like a character at first, but as you go on, you will. This point is to create intimacy to the story.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This book has three important characters, Pierre Bezukhov and Prince Andrey Balkonsky are two figures whose behavior is wise.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Pierre Bezukhov, the illegitimate son of a count, who is trying to get an inheritance and wishes to achieve peace of mind and spirit.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Prince Andrei Balkonsky, who leaves his family to fight against Napoleon; }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 and Natasha Rostov, the beautiful and young daughter of a nobleman who captivates both Pierre and Andrei.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the text on the back cover of War and Peace, you read: While imprisoned in the warehouse, Pierre realized that man was created for happiness, not through reasoning, but through action, attention, study, and his life experiences, and happiness lies within him, and is not outside of him. Happiness is in satisfying natural and human needs; And all miseries do not originate from the lack of necessities, but from too much of them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the end, I tried not to reveal this fascinating story, maybe my review of this book can encourage you to read this book.}}\par
\sect
}