{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy10\hr10\min33\sec14}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy10\hr10\min33\sec14}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The stale coffee in the air smelled like failure. It clung to my clothes, to the crumpled job application in my hand. Another rejection. Another dead end. I stared at the letter, the words blurring into a painful mess. All those years, those late nights hunched over textbooks, the constant nagging from my guardians to \uc0{\u8221}get a good job\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8211} was it all worth this?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The air in my tiny room hung heavy with the humid Harare air, the scent of dust and unwashed clothes clinging to the walls. The only source of light came from the street lamp outside, casting long shadows that danced across the chipped paint of my desk. I could hear the distant thrum of the city, a symphony of car horns and distant laughter that felt worlds away from my own reality.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My degree, a Bachelor of Arts in Economics, had seemed like a passport to a better life. It had been my ticket out of the dusty streets of Mbare, away from the grinding poverty that had defined my childhood. But now, it felt like a worthless piece of paper, a meaningless symbol of a dream that had turned into a nightmare.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The interview had been a disaster. They hadn\uc0{\u8217}t even asked about my skills or experience, just bombarded me with abstract economic theories and technical jargon I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t touched since my final exams. My mind, usually sharp and quick, had gone blank. I stumbled over my words, my voice trembling with frustration and fear. Their laughter, their snide comments about the uselessness of my degree, still echoed in my ears. \uc0{\u8221}What good is a degree in economics these days?\uc0{\u8221} one of them had sneered. \uc0{\u8221}You need practical skills.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The weight of my guardians\uc0{\u8217} disappointment was a physical burden, a crushing weight that sat on my chest, making it hard to breathe. They had sacrificed so much for my education. They had toiled in their small vegetable stall every day, sending me to the best schools, saving every cent for my future. Now, their faces, usually full of pride, were etched with worry. Their silent judgment, their unspoken question \uc0{\u8211} \uc0{\u8221}Was it all worth it?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8211} was a constant ache in my heart.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Money was tight. I had barely enough to get by. I hated relying on my family, but I had no choice. I was 25, a university graduate, yet I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t afford to buy myself a decent meal. Every time I reached out for a loan from my father, I could see the weariness in his eyes, the disappointment that hung heavy in the air.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Chido, my girlfriend, tried to be strong. She always had a way of putting a smile on my face, a way of making me feel like everything would be okay. But her quiet frustration was hard to ignore. The future we used to dream of, a life together, a small house with a garden, seemed a million miles away. Our conversations, once filled with laughter and hope, were now peppered with tense silences and frustrated sighs. Her patience, once boundless, was wearing thin.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sitting alone in my room, the city\uc0{\u8217}s relentless hum a constant reminder of the weight of my failures, my gaze fell on the framed degree hanging on the wall. It was a reminder of what I had achieved, but also of what I had lost. Was it all worth it? The sleepless nights, the sacrifice, the constant struggle? Had I wasted my time? Was it all just a hollow victory, a fancy piece of paper that couldn\uc0{\u8217}t pay my bills or ease the pressure?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The degree, a symbol of my accomplishment, now felt like a reminder of my failure. For the first time, I felt the urge to give up. To let go of the dream, to accept defeat, to surrender to the weight of the world. But as the thought took hold, a flicker of defiance sparked inside me. Maybe it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t over yet. Maybe this was just a rough patch. Maybe, just maybe, it was still worth fighting for.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The city lights outside my window shimmered, a kaleidoscope of colors reflecting on the dusty streets below. But as I gazed at them, a wave of despair washed over me. My mind raced, replaying the taunting words of the interviewers, the disappointment in my parents\uc0{\u8217} eyes, the frustration in Chido\uc0{\u8217}s voice. Was it all worth it?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t shake the feeling that I was trapped in a cycle of failure, a never-ending loop of rejection and disappointment. I felt lost, adrift in a sea of uncertainties, with no compass to guide me. The weight of my responsibilities, the pressure of expectations, the fear of failure \uc0{\u8211} it was all too much.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I slumped back against the bed, the worn, faded fabric offering little comfort. The room felt suffocating, the air thick with the smell of despair. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help but think of my childhood, the endless struggles, the constant fight to make ends meet. My parents had worked tirelessly, sacrificing everything for my education, for a better future.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But now, what future? I closed my eyes, the city sounds a harsh reminder of the world outside, a world that seemed so indifferent to my plight. I was tired, exhausted, defeated. I felt like a failure, a burden on everyone I loved.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But then, a memory flickered through my mind. I was a young boy, kicking a worn-out football with my friends in the dusty streets of Mbare. We played with reckless abandon, our laughter echoing in the narrow alleys. The joy, the camaraderie, the sense of freedom \uc0{\u8211} those were the moments that had defined my childhood.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And as I remembered that joy, a spark of hope ignited within me. Maybe, just maybe, it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t all over yet. Maybe I could find a way, a path that led me back to that joy, back to a sense of purpose. Maybe, just maybe, it was still worth it.}}\par
\sect
}