{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy11\hr12\min17\sec35}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy11\hr12\min17\sec35}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My Aunty, Kayange was born in 1990. Now, at 33, her family has four single girls, and she is the youngest. From the start, her family struggled with poverty, and none of them could afford to go to secondary school. In 2021, a man proposed to her. He promised to take her to South Africa once they were married. When she shared this with my parents, they agreed, and true to his word, he took her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But soon after, things turned sour by losing the money that they had, her husband\uc0{\u8217}s temper caused trouble, and they faced many difficult days. One day, while she was moving around the street, she came across a young woman named Mutemuka Takwala. She spoke highly of a herbal expert named father Wazamba who could help with problems like the one their family had. Despite some people criticizing the message, she didn\uc0{\u8217}t mind. she took the number from her and contacted father Wazamba.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Personally, I do give my aunty critics that they have too much money and I do not believe that they are working hard to earn it. They tell me that father Wazamba just gave them some herbals to put in their house and promised them that everything that she will be doing will be successful. The little amount of money that they remained with, they opened a saloon. As father Wazamba told my aunty, many customers would come to their saloon. The business boomed until they opened different saloons in other locations like Cape Town too. The money they could get allowed them to buy houses in their home country Malawi which people are renting. My aunty keeps telling me that \uc0{\u8220}I do not care about the critics as long us I have money and I am not back to the poverty that my family had when I was a child\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It seems like my aunty seeking Wazamba\uc0{\u8217}s help proved to be a turning point for her. Things started changing for the better. Now, life is different for her family and she does help me too sometimes when I need money. She now lives happily, owning three cars such as Ranger, a Hyundai Sonata, and Nissan Navarra. Their properties include two houses in Lilongwe, numbered 25 and 27. Additionally, they have two more houses and two machine factories in South Africa, located specifically in Durban and the Eastern Cape. My only worry is that what if the herbal expires? Will the money remain or everything will be gone. I just feel afraid when I start imagining that.}}\par
\sect
}