{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy23\hr13\min53\sec23}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy23\hr13\min53\sec23}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 WEAKER VESSLES OR STRONGER VESSLES}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Some situations in life have the power to shape, influence or to destroy us. It does take a lot of self-discipline and God to get up from when we fall down.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When my parents died, a gap was created in my life and this gave me a vulnerability I never have filled.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The desire to be seen, loved, or appreciated is always gnawing at my inside. I never felt any of these even while I was at my aunt\uc0{\u8217}s home as she raised me. She had two daughters and once in a while another cousin or two would come around to stay the holidays with us. \uc0{\u160}Not having a father figure in my life made me a bit needy of the male attention.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I always found better company in Simon and Jeffrey whenever they were home for the holidays. They always helped me with my chores and also watched movies with me. They had lost their parents too and my aunt had taken them on as they went to school just like me. Simon was in the same age bracket as my elder cousin sister and Jeffrey the eldest of us all. He liked to preach the word of God and to pray for everyone he found.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I was feeling distraught and lonely, normally after aunt had lashed out at me, Jeffrey would encourage me to not be in despair and have hope that things would be better one day. He introduced me to Jesus Christ and I started going to church too. It then became my other place for solace and comfort. But one day after I took long to get home after church, aunt was very angry at me and threatened to stop me from going to church. She accused me of neglecting my duties and her authority by not getting home in time. My explanations and apologies fell on hard rock that day as she kept on saying how ungrateful I was for the freedom I was receiving but failing to behave well.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I run to my room and cried so hard I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see. Jeffrey returned from church and found me in that state. On inquiring what had happened, I instead cried some more and kept regretting why my parents had died. At that point he held me in his arms and rested my head on his chest and soothed my back. As I calmed down, he lifted my head and gently brushed his lips on mine until I tried to push him away from me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Sshh, it\uc0{\u8217}s alright,\uc0{\u8217} Jeffrey said}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}But you kissed me!\uc0{\u8217} I almost shouted in terror and confusion.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}It\uc0{\u8217}s alright, I did it to show my love for you, even when you don\uc0{\u8217}t feel it from aunt\uc0{\u8217} he explained with a guilt-stricken face. I somehow believed him and surely felt good about his explanation. I dried my cheeks and sniffed while staring at him. He did not move but drew me closer to him and hugged me some more, when I relaxed into him, he kissed me this time, real hard and long. It is only when Simon called me from outside that we parted and he left me breathless and in a state of fear mixed with excitement.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I watched him open the door with an unfazed face to a patiently waiting Simon.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Auntie says we have to go to the grocery store, Lena.\uc0{\u8217} He said}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}I will be out with you shortly,\uc0{\u8217} I replied as I fumbled with my face and rushed to check my face in the mirror for any signs of dishevel. My eyes had bulged a bit and reddened definitely from the crying. I raised my quaking hand and smoothened my lips in a lost bid to somehow rub off Jeffrey\uc0{\u8217}s kiss. This was so wrong on all levels, he is my cousin yet he had managed to create such a feeling in me! I looked around my room and grabbed my sandals and purse and deserted the scene of the incident hoping to put a fresh issue on mind.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But that entire afternoon, my mind deserted me as I did everything on autopilot. I was stuck in the unbelievable moment of that kiss, my heartbeat refused to drop speed as all possible imaginations flooded my mind. Had he done this on purpose, was he genuinely comforting me? Was I reading too much into it? But why kiss me again? It did taste amazing, not rushed but deep enough to pass a message. But what was the message? Then that stoic face he had on opening the door, like he had not done anything bad!!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Was the kiss bad?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Definitely! We are relatives and this felt romantic in all ways. Was this what they termed as an incest advance? But then Jeffrey is an adult and way more schooled than I, he therefore should know that it is not only forbidden to be romantically involved with a relative but also the results of it are never the best. Yet he kissed me, and kissed me again!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Woah! My head was spinning by the time I retired to my bed. Lucky for me, I never got to meet my aunt face to face that day again as I kept dodging anything that required me to be where she was. Was I guilty? Of course, and I could not trust myself to face anyone serious; even the perpetrator had disappeared somehow and I never saw him till after a week.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The next encounter with Jeffrey happened to be one of those long weekends where Aunt had to go to the big city and study over the weekend. She normally asked him to keep an eye on the home as she was away, just that this time round a lot had change between us or at least for me. I was at that point of disappointment, anger and fear combined.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He did not come directly to me on his arrival, he instead stayed in the boys\uc0{\u8217} wing with Simon as they waited for dinner. I thanked my lucky stars for stalling the awkwardness I was bound to feel. I suck to the living room seeking all possible company as I avoided being in a place a lone where he might take chance to corner me into facing him. Night fall came so fast and before I knew it; it was time for lights out so I headed to my room. All my other siblings were in their rooms and asleep or on their mobile phones for the adults. I shut the door behind me before turning on the lights and I almost jumped out of my skin with a shrieking outcry. My most dreaded person was on his feet and grabbing me to shut my mouth in bid to prevent the noise from getting out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had had the wildest of ideas and pictures about what could have happened the first time I was held in his arms and so a repeat of last time or worse was something I was not ready for. I kept kicking and trying to push him off me but all attempts were futile. Jeffrey\uc0{\u8217}s body build was athletic and he was always fast in all movements. He now had me close in his chest with one hand holding me hostage there as the other turned the lock of the room. All my fears were materializing at that point, my eyes were the size of oranges and my heart threatened to burst. As I planned to kick my assailant, he let me go but was signaling to keep me quiet.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I jumped onto my bed into the furthest corner away from him with my hands ready to punch in case a wrong move was made.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Lena, you have to calm down and let us talk.\uc0{\u8217} Jeffrey\uc0{\u8217}s voice was no more than a whisper as he signaled for me to sit on the bed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}There\uc0{\u8217}s nothing we have to talk about Jeffrey.\uc0{\u8217} I stated as I straightened my stance and moved further into the wall my arms akimbo.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Yes, there is, little one. Or do I have to spell it out for you?\uc0{\u8217} he dared}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Get out Jeffrey, I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to talk about anything with you.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}But Lena, you hurt me, I can\uc0{\u8217}t continue living this way. I need you and I love you. Yes, I said it. I love you, not as my sister but the love much more. It\uc0{\u8217}s been a hard time staying away from you and thinking of how I felt the day I kissed you and what could be more if you gave me a chance.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At this point I was glued to my spot staring at Jeffrey like he had grown a second head as he spilled his emotions and intentions. My long-time friend, confidant and in the least cousin had just declared his romantic feelings for me! The fear in my heart was so loud I could hear it and my breath so hot it could boil a cup of tea. My brave stance was broken as I crushed onto the floor in a whirlpool.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As my head span and heartbeat continued to threaten to burst any moment, I let my tears out and shook my head vigorously refusing to accept his words. Jeffrey took a step closer to me and this got me up in a shot scaring his next move.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Don\uc0{\u8217}t touch me!\uc0{\u8217} I almost screamed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He stepped back while signaling stay quiet and his hand scratched his semi bald head in a frustrated manner. I never stopped looking at him just in case he moved towards me without me knowing as he seemed to have a stealthy footprint.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Lena please, give this a chance. Give us a chance and I promise you no one will know but you will have the best time of your life. I can feel this and I know you have it in you\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Shut up Jeffrey!\uc0{\u8217} \uc0{\u8216}Are you listening to yourself? How could you say such things about us? We are related by blood, and if that is not enough, what about the bible sermons you keep brandishing in the faces of people every minute you get? Are you out of your mind?\uc0{\u8217} I rapped all these questions as I paced the floor with such anger that I could not stay in one place.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}You have to leave my room now or am going to cause a scene and let everyone know \uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8216}Fine, okay I will go but please don\uc0{\u8217}t tell anyone! Please I will not disturb you again.\uc0{\u8217} He scattered.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I turned to my bed and fell face flat on it and willed myself not to cry anymore as a headache and strange thirst hit me. What had just happened to me was unimaginable in my mind. I could not stop thinking of this man I had grown to trust and believe having romantic feelings towards me. What had I done wrong that caused this to happen to me? Was I that gullible? And how would life go on from today knowing well that he will still be around this same home as I?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dear Lord, I need you to guide me now, and then I wish my parents were still here with me. And all the tears I had reigned in were let loose. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t seem to stop them anymore so I let them flow. What would the rest think of me being in love with my cousin, no one would understand? This was a taboo to the extent that it was unheard of completely. Was I that weak or did I in any way pass a wrong message?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But no matter what he says or does, i have to reason and remain alert, in no way must i fall into this trap. I would never forgive myself. The weakness in my knees succumbed to the heaviness in my heart and i drifted off to sleep promising myself to remain firm in this resolution. No one could ever take advantage of me again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}