{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy11\hr20\min00\sec46}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy11\hr20\min00\sec46}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Bhuruweki was quite vocal and pleased with himself. There have been several mishaps in the Sigauke Family, a car accident, ten brothers losing their jobs and a hailstorm destroying the homes of five aunts, all under six months.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We are going to Chief Ngorima\uc0{\u8217}s court and the chief\uc0{\u8217}s seer will revel the family witch, your mum, and expose her to the entire family. She\uc0{\u8217}s behind all these problems,\uc0{\u8221} Buruweki shouted amongst ten of his brothers on their way to the royal court.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Four of the Sigauke brothers all sons of Paurosi Sigauke, were led by Buruweki, their eldest sibling.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the other side, there were five Sigauke brothers, sons of Mayor Sigauke, a young brother to Paurosi Sigauke, and they were led by Tondo Sigauke who was roughly Buruweki\uc0{\u8217}s age.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Our mum is innocent but since you want proof, let\uc0{\u8217}s go the chief\uc0{\u8217}s palace,\uc0{\u8221} Mayor replied Buruweki.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The ten brothers strolled along the curves of Madiro hills hoping to catch the chief\uc0{\u8217}s court before his long tea breaks. The Sigauke Family dispute was on the court\uc0{\u8217}s roll for 7:30am.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Chief Ngorima was a busy man. Daily, his court handled colorful and ugly disputes from among his 10 000 subjects. Murder, adultery, garden boundaries quarrels, sorcery accusations, nothing funny and ugly was not brought to his council. The chief presided over matters with a think-tank of four of his closest advisers, all elderly men above 65 years of age. A seer \uc0{\u8211} a spiritual right hand man who was thought to esquire of the supernatural world and communicate what ancestors were saying over disputes \uc0{\u8211} helped the chief settle his subjects disputes. The chief was rich. Fighting in public at the village pub would earn culprits a fine of six goats. Insulting one\uc0{\u8217}s wife with names like \uc0{\u8216}loose\uc0{\u8217} in public would make a man cough six live hens as a fine. Witchcraft was serious. An offender would give up a third of his lands to the chief and be banished from taking part in the village\uc0{\u8217}s prestigious rain-making ceremony.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t care about punishments, losing land, I just want our mum\uc0{\u8217}s name to be cleared,\uc0{\u8221} Mayor said to Buruweki and his siblings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Yeah that\uc0{\u8217}s because your mum is the witch of the moment,\uc0{\u8221} Buruweki answered mockingly. \uc0{\u8220}You guys and your mum shall pay us big time\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mayor cleared his throat and remained civil in the face of Buruweki\uc0{\u8217}s provocations. \uc0{\u8220}At least we still talk as brothers, let\uc0{\u8217}s remain in love as one family\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We don\uc0{\u8217}t want to unite with witches,\uc0{\u8221} Buruweki said, grilling Mayor as they jump a bush of fallen pine trees on the garden path leading to the chief\uc0{\u8217}s palace. \uc0{\u8220}Our side we are a family of saints. We just\uc0{\u160} want to expose your mum\uc0{\u8217}s witchcraft and get her dealt with. She should have chosen to be a familiy visionary and loving matriarchy like our mum\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We shall see,\uc0{\u8221} Mayor said on behalf of his siblings as they tiptoed into the chief\uc0{\u8217}s court.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The place was already packed. The Sigauke Family witchcraft quarrel had drawn a large audience. The chief was nibbling a plate of roast groundnuts and sitting atop a Mukwa tree chair. His seer was in majestic golden garments, sniffing around the court with a bowl of water doing a cleansing ceremony as the Sigauke brothers took their seats on the mats lined up for them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Buruweki was quick out of the stables. He tossed out a $20 note and gifted the chief\uc0{\u8217}s guard as court homage for his side of the family. Mayor hesitated for a while until his youngest brother handed him a torn $20 note to pass on to the chief\uc0{\u8217}s guard.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The guilty ones are stingy with money,\uc0{\u8221} Buruweki mocked Mayor and his siblings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mayor and his siblings remained grounded and calm until the chief intervened and warned, \uc0{\u8220}Buruweki this is a noble court, stop getting ahead of proceedings\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The chief continued: \uc0{\u8220}shall you all Sigauke brothers agree that whatever is found here by the seer you won\uc0{\u8217}t fight and shall return home in\uc0{\u160} peace?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Of course!\uc0{\u8221} shouted Buruweki on behalf of his siblings.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mayor nodded on behalf of his siblings too afterwards.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The chief\uc0{\u8217}s seer sprayed \uc0{\u8216}holy water\uc0{\u8217} on all the heads of the ten Sigauke brothers. He began to speak in riddles in a frenzy with his cheeks bumping in and out. He jumped and squatted quickly and shook his head.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I have seen something,\uc0{\u8221} he shouted and the royal court clapped hands.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Speak \uc0{\u8211} it\uc0{\u8217}s Mayor\uc0{\u8217}s mum, right?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I have seen something!\uc0{\u8221} the seer shouted again spraying oil on Buruweki\uc0{\u8217}s shoulders.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I knew it! Mayor\uc0{\u8217}s mum, that witch!\uc0{\u8221} Buruweki said, delighted that his predictions were getting confirmed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The seer raised a giant dusty kick to the air and spoke trembling. \uc0{\u8220}Yours,\uc0{\u8221} he said, dabbing Buruweki\uc0{\u8217}s shoulders. \uc0{\u8220}Your mum keeps a pet snake in her wardrobe. Your very mum, Buruweki, is the Sigauke family witch.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was grand ululating which drowned the chief\uc0{\u8217}s court, hundreds of villagers delighted that the riddle of the Sigauke Famiily had at last been revealed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On the way back to their vast homestead, Buruweki and his siblings couldn\uc0{\u8217}t be located. They had bolted out of the chief\uc0{\u8217}s court ahead of the crowd, walked briskly back home apart from the rest. Quiet, frozen like shadows.}}\par
\sect
}