{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy07\hr09\min29\sec00}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy07\hr09\min29\sec00}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In his short essay \uc0{\u8220}Guilty Images\uc0{\u8221}, recently published in the GOAT, Dutch artist and educator Frank Lisser argues that the identity and ethical behavior of artists are nowadays more important for audiences and art institutions that they were in the past. Contemporary art exhibitions present the work of artists usually with a text or several, where conceptual curatorial framework, explanation of the works and background information about the artists are shared. According to Lisser, the emphasis on the context and background of creators generates an excess of written text supporting the works that instead of enriching and adding depth, limits the aesthetical experience of the audience. With this claim, the author proposes an important question that has haunted historians, philosophers and artists for centuries: can an image exist as an autonomous phenomenon? My answer is no.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Even though Lisser defends that accompanying the work of an artist with their social and/or personal context is a contemporary trend, I believe that that who the artist is, has always been a fundamental factor in the success and visibility of artworks. Let me put it this way: If the identity of the artist was not completely determinant, how is it possible that we only find middle and upper-middle class heterosexual white cis-males representing centuries and centuries of visual history in specialized art books? Gender identity, race, nationality and other identity factors always accompany the artist\uc0{\u8217}s creative process. The fundamental difference, between that past that Lisser longs for and the present, is that in the past only artists who met a single normative profile were considered. That\uc0{\u8217}s how important identity and behavior was and that\uc0{\u8217}s why it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t necessary to give much information about their background (they were all too similar, it would have been repetitive). Fortunately the identity criteria has changed and consequently, contemporary visual culture enjoys a growing diversity of gazes and voices that offer us a prism of aesthetic, ethical and political possibilities. This opening to otherness and to the multiciplicity of bodies is so important, that even more-than-human bodies are being listened to. This is fascinating.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Lisser is not concern about giving opportunities to members of oppressed communities. Not at all. His point is that we shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t look to someone\uc0{\u8217}s background when interpreting their work, that the artistic value of a piece should exist \uc0{\u8220}beyond\uc0{\u8221} what we read about it. It should not even be translatable to verbal language. I do agree with Lisser that we live in a logocentric culture and that visual arts, as well as any other form of production and dissemination of knowledge, exists within that norm. To change that, we don\uc0{\u8217}t have to experience art \uc0{\u8220}without thinking\uc0{\u8221}, we have to think art with our full bodies. And in order to embody knowledge, we need to rethink together what is an aesthetical experience, and how it is impossible to define it in binary terms such as body/mind, na\uc0{\u239}ve/informed or independent/contextualized. I don\uc0{\u8217}t think that background information about an artist or an art project can prevent you from a free enjoyment of art. You can burst into tears due to what an abstraction of colors make you feel, while appreciating and critically reflecting on the political motivations that brought the artist to choose those colors. It is not one either the other, it is not a dichotomy. It has never been. We need to flexibilize the rigidity of binary thinking based on the confrontation of opposites because it creates a hierarchical relationship that it\uc0{\u8217}s neither natural nor pre-existing. Binary thinking is a social construction (strongly dependent on heteropatriarchy) and it is our responsibility to deconstruct it. Two days ago, I went to a fantastic talk by Mackenzie Wark in Centro Cultural Conde Duque in Madrid. She dedicated few minutes to unfold her notions of high and low theory, making clear that one is not the opposite of the other, but a \uc0{\u8220}transition that includes one withing the other\uc0{\u8221}. Getting rid of binary thinking is the first (and very important) step to embrace situated embodied knowledge, which leads us to the abolition of the idea of the image as an autonomous phenomenon.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Another question that Frank Lisser invites us to think about is if images can be guilty. I say yes, images are guilty. Again, I don\uc0{\u8217}t think guilt in binary terms: guilty (bad)/ not guilty (good); to me guilt is the consequence of being all interconnected, of, in the words of Donna Haraway, \uc0{\u8220}staying with the trouble\uc0{\u8221}. If images cannot be independent because we are all interdependent, images are guilty because we are all implicated. We are all guilty. But that\uc0{\u8217}s amazing.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 ** Dear Matthew: Here is a draft of the main arguments I want to develop in my text, responding to Franks Lisser\uc0{\u8217}s long for the autonomy of images. I first thought of using a personal experience of visiting an art exhibition here in Madrid to respond to Lisser, but then I felt that could be a bit too confronting because he uses his visit to the exhibition in Arnhem to articulate his thoughts. What I wrote so far feel a bit general and unpersonal, and, to be honest, a bit too obvious. I wonder if a way to continue would be to stick to the academic writing by unfolding my opinions and supporting them with references to other authors. On a second thought, I\uc0{\u8217}d like to include my own subjectivity in a more explicit way, but (since the text is about the abolition of binary thinking\uc0{\u8230}) I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to create a game of opposites between Lisser and myself. Does any of this make any sense? Thank you for the opportunity of working together. I look forward to hearing back from you!}}\par
\sect
}