{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy28\hr16\min27\sec54}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy28\hr16\min27\sec54}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Dad why are South Africa\uc0{\u8217}s coffee cafes mostly packed with White people?\uc0{\u8221} my son asked me today.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Working as an undocumented immigrant and artisanal gold miner in South Africa, I often think of the coffee we left behind at home, how it all collapsed and why I grumble about buying very expensive coffee here in South Africa.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In exile, my son has forcefully reminded me of what I left behind \uc0{\u8211} family coffee farms.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I grew up at a home that farmed coffee in Zimbabwe. I went to school via coffee earnings from the family plot. Coffee was what sustained my family through. 20 years ago, it all collapsed. This is the story of coffee in the country I left behind Zimbabwe.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the 90s Zimbabwe was famed globally for its premium Arabica coffee beans until a land grab exercise in June 2000s soured the froth.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Zimbabwe lost 97% of its coffee output starting 2000 until today\uc0{\u8211} this hit hard small-scale Black producers too like my family.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In 2000, urged on by the government the late Mr. Robert Mugabe, Black veterans of Zimbabwe\uc0{\u8217}s 70s anti-colonial bush war began to seize large-scale commercial farms owned by white Zimbabweans. They justified the move on the need to give back the farms to landless Black Zimbabweans and on paper, settle a century-old grievance.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Zimbabwe coffee\uc0{\u8217}s golden years}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A foray into the past can shape the story of Zimbabwe\uc0{\u8217}s coffee. At the peak of its production prowess in the late 80s, sitting at almost 15 000 tons. What was interesting about Zimbabwe was the very high yield and consistency.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We were the highest African country in that category. That\uc0{\u8217}s how we became one of the world\uc0{\u8217}s favorites. In the late 90s there was a big push to increase capacity and I think Zimbabwe was looking to go for 50,000 tons until things fell apart.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The 2000s land grab exercise hammered Zimbabwe\uc0{\u8217}s coffee \uc0{\u8211} not only in terms of skills, jobs, and research capacity but crucially, production it\uc0{\u8217}s important to note it was not just large-scale White-owned coffee growers but crucially, the small-scale Black growers who were a very important part of the coffee ecosystem. The small-scale farmers, like my family, were producing very significant amounts of coffee at that time too. They were an important part of the industry though at the scale of White coffee farmers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dust settles}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Two decades on, and now that the dust of hostilities has settled a bit \uc0{\u8211} the Zimbabwe government is extending an olive branch to expel large-scale White commercial farmers starting with August 2020 when it said they could apply to get back some of their farms, \uc0{\u8216}partner\uc0{\u8217} with Black growers, or get a slice of a promised $3,5bn restitutions compensation fund.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Several white farmers doing crops and animals are back on the land, partnering with Blacks, and trying to make things accelerate again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But this \uc0{\u8216}revival\uc0{\u8217} of Zimbabwe\uc0{\u8217}s coffee industry, which is involving nonprofits, and global coffee corporations like Nespresso, expelled white farmers, and the government is centered on empowering small-scale Black growers, millers, brewers, and domestic Black coffee drinkers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We feel respected,\uc0{\u8221} says Black coffee small grower, Agripa Zuka, who is taking part in the revival in Chimanimani, the heart of east Zimbabwe\uc0{\u8217}s coffee belt, the region I hail from, told me in a WhatsApp chart as I researched the painful story of my country\uc0{\u8217}s coffee collapse.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}We are happy to be growing coffee again but it\uc0{\u8217}s important to get a transfer of skills, research, a friendship between large-scale white farmers returning and us Black growers.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I feel there is a need to drop the racial temperatures surrounding Zimbabwe\uc0{\u8217}s coffee and there is a need for win-win relationships among all coffee stakeholders. I remember some White farmers back in the 90s would work with small-scale Black farmers like my family, sharing insights on pests, diseases, and milling. It was farmer-to-farmer relationships, the same language, the same soil, same issues. That\uc0{\u8217}s where my family\uc0{\u8217}s passion for coffee cultivation from. We also owe the former white farmers a lot.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I realized unity between Black and White coffee growers back home in Zimbabwe is very important because today, the coffee world recognizes that most coffee comes from small-scale farmers and most of them are women, so there is a big shift I think a lot of people worry about where their coffee comes from.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Whenever I read about the global coffee industry in my spare time today, I look at Jamaica, for example, and Yemen, they are very small but what they have done is they produce their coffee at high quality and it\uc0{\u8217}s in very high demand. I wonder in the country I abandoned years ago \uc0{\u8211} why don\uc0{\u8217}t we move ahead in the same way too \uc0{\u8211} growing premium coffee, starting small, putting behind skin color?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Though I\uc0{\u8217}m in exile, Jairos Sozwana, an upstart Black coffee brewer back home in Mutare, east Zimbabwe, tells me via WhatsApp, that, there is enthusiasm among domestic drinkers in Zimbabwe, where tea is the overwhelming choice of beverage, to try local coffee. But he says coffee policy planners in Zimbabwe must move to curtail a flood of foreign coffee imports that threaten to torpedo the work of small-scale Black growers and brewers.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Milo, Parmalat, and Jacobs Kr\uc0{\u246}nung, these foreign European coffee brews have chewed the market since our coffee went down in the early 2000s. They\uc0{\u8217}re cheap, they undercut domestic producers and brewers \uc0{\u8211} and discourage the consumption of our specialty domestic coffees which for us brewers fetch a better price. I\uc0{\u8217}m not happy about imports,\uc0{\u8221} he tells me via WhatsApp.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As I relax as an undocumented immigrant here in South Africa, 1000km back home in Zimbabwe, I never tire to think of the small coffee farms we left behind and how our country\uc0{\u8217}s coffee industry collapsed, along with our lives. The price of coffee for me is the prize of being forced to live in exile.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At last my son frightened me to remember the sensitive history of the coffee we left behind.}}\par
\sect
}