{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy24\hr17\min11\sec47}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy24\hr17\min11\sec47}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We live in the future\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I do not blame social media. It does save us from clinical depression to some extent.Without the instagram reels, those long hours of sitting unemployed could have been ideal times for developing suicidal ideation. Those laughs from Facebook lives and comments could be the only thing that stimulates the serotonin centers in our brain which give us the euphoria that gets us through the day. Twitter updates on politics are probably the only place that a graduated youth harnesses his or her hope for a better future.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We live in a world where we have a lot of things happening around us yet loneliness is the order of the day. Yes, social media has come in with a lot of convenience into our lives, its cons however have made a lot of people miss out on important windows of their lives. It has been said that the best things in life are for free yet we overlook the true meaning of happiness and spend days and nights hunting and hoping for a future that probably won\uc0{\u8217}t be as rosy as we perceive. We tend to live lives with flattened experiences always looking forward to a tomorrow that never comes.Why not live in the future ?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As social media has allowed us to be a global village, different societies of different civilizations and standards can now interact as one. A new picture of how success and happiness should look like has been painted which everyone now seems too focused on. Nice poshy cars, beautiful three storey houses and a holiday in the Maldives doing shark cage diving. Young people are then losing much of their youth trying to hustle and spend sleepless nights to live the success picture and not embrace true happiness that could come from living in the moment. It is good to attain the good materials that life can offer but what about your youth?\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Stress is defined as when the available resources do not meet the present needs. A young man born to a family of a humble background in Mvurwi, Zimbabwe spends the rest of his youth in isolation working to secure the bag. A dream he may actually eventually live in his forties , yet he missed out on friendships and a lot of fun college could have factored on him. In light to that, it is very important for our young people to know the true meaning of happiness.That way we won\uc0{\u8217}t have newly employed just graduated trainees trying to figure out loopholes in the company that they can take advantage of to get rich fast.I often hear a lot of young girls say it\uc0{\u8217}s better crying sitting in a Range Rover than being happy sleeping on a wooden base bed. This way they tend to raise their bars high for the type of man that should come their way and in the long run forgo quality relationships.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In conclusion, our time on this earth is borrowed and each day past is time closer to death. We then have to make every hour count by seeking the things that bring true happiness. Let us live in the moment yet shape our future as each step along the way is as important as the end.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}