{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy30\hr21\min21\sec23}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy30\hr21\min21\sec23}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This is a woman that comes from a very poor family and has a husband and children. The children were very little. They well doing very well before, until the husband work stopped where he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t provide for the family. The wife has to stay in the house to do the house chores and take care of the children. So one day, she thought of the idea of helping her husband because their situation was so bad.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And thought of starting a little business and shared it with her friends believing they would help her out but they didn\uc0{\u8217}t. Her friends were so rich but did not give her any financial support. They didn\uc0{\u8217}t care about her, but when she was in the same position that is when she was rich she helped them a lot even at the point of their needs. When the woman gets home she wept and explained everything to her husband and the business idea to open a shop where she will be selling fruits and vegetables with the little money she had. She later open the shop as agreed with the husband.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As time goes on, the business starts to grow very well, she did not stop there but was looking for contract to expand her business. Fortunately, she received a life changing contract from a big organisation that made her business become more successful.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She became rich and her friends later heard of it and came begging for forgiveness. She forgave them and moved on with her life. This story is just about that,we should not forget those that helped us. Also, as humans we should love one another, be kind and never let any situation put you down.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 27 January 2023}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}