{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy02\hr13\min41\sec39}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy02\hr13\min41\sec39}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Most people find themselves\uc0{\u160} jogging in this muddy crisis. Sticky enough such that whatever decision they eventually make, the sixth sense will always question them the entirety of their lives. Could be because of the incosistencies they witness whilst experiencing the religions. But obviously what would one expect? Where ever people are, there are those who believe in the statement, \uc0{\u8220}rules are meant to be broken.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Fatimah had been born in a family of both Christianity and Islam decent. Her father, a Roman Catholic, was not too deep into Christianity to fully influence his family towards it. The surprising part was her mom. She came from a family in which her mother had been raised the Islam way as well as the father. Her father\uc0{\u8217}s side was even deeper into the practice than any other family in the community. By virtue of her living under her father\uc0{\u8217}s roof, she head to act and dress as expected. To her , some of the practices made her feel like she\uc0{\u8217}s stuck in a cocoon however, her father would constantly remind her that it was what was expected of her to do as a woman to conserve her from the effects of sinful activities of this world.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0  Fatimah\uc0{\u8217}s mom had to wear a hijab when going out. Only her father and brothers could see her head uncovered. She had been mischievous enough to show it to Fatimah\uc0{\u8217}s dad before they got married. Him being born Christian, he did not understand the essence of certain religious practices. \uc0{\u8220}You know, we were all born into believing that what we are doing is the right thing. Whilst I don\uc0{\u8217}t condemn some of the practices because they help to keep other men away from you, I feel like there should also be a balance between what\uc0{\u8217}s expected of you and what you want,\uc0{\u8221} he would say. \uc0{\u8220}By custom you are not even allowed to marry a Christian man,\uc0{\u8221} he would add.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Fatimah\uc0{\u8217}s mom knew all this but still wanted to get married to her boyfriend. How would she cook for her husband in the expected way when she was not allowed to kill a chicken. He was a pork lover but it was forbidden in her part of the world. Her father, as conservative as he was, would almost disown her if he learnt about this affair but well, she would tell herself that she will only live once. It was up to her to unflatten her life experience however, she was scared at every step. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t know if she was doing the right thing. She had started to explore churches to get a taste of the Christianity way of doing things . She would leave the house wearing a hijab and would remove it upon reaching a church so as to identify with everyone herself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She eventually married Brian, Fatimah\uc0{\u8217}s dad. He was a man of philosophy who helped her to see things in a different and diverse way. She liked that about him. Brian would not force her to do things she was not comfortable with as he understood that she had been raised in a\uc0{\u160} different way and would allow her to adapt to his needs gradually. Their marriage had not been welcomed by her side of the family but she still went on with what she had wanted. When Brian died in a road traffic accident, six years after she gave birth to Fatimah, her family did not even acknowledge as they did not recognise him as their son and brother in law. It was a difficult time but she understood as a consequence of her stepping aside.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By nature of her job where she would always travel, she decided to surrender Fatimah to her mother to raise her. Before she took her to her grandmother, she sat her down and said. \uc0{\u8220}My daughter, you are to be living with your grandmother. There is a certain way you are expected to behave. Do that. But as you grow feel free to explore and make a choice for what you want. I your mother will support you all the way.\uc0{\u8221} She knew that Fatimah did not understand the words at that time, but would keep on repeating the statement\uc0{\u160} till she could fathom it.}}\par
\sect
}