{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy30\hr15\min47\sec51}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy30\hr15\min47\sec51}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Last year, I had just gotten my first job in Lilongwe. Then three months later I lost it. I knew no one in town. I came from a very poor family in Dowa and was the only graduate in my family. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t go back home because I was already supporting my two brothers with school fees and my mother was looking up to me. Staying in town was a costly. I accumulated debts and was crying every day thinking of what to do. I had not paid my rentals for two months but thankfully my landlord was nice and she told me the third month if I don\uc0{\u8217}t pay, I should leave and not pay her anything.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day in the third month of being jobless, I remember it was a Sunday and I was trying so hard to find money so that my landlord shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t chase me away. I was walking on my way from church and I didn\uc0{\u8217}t even have transport. There is a certain car that stopped for me while walking and that time,\uc0{\u160}I was so down depressed. There was a woman in that car. She asked me, do you want a lift? I shook my head like no. That time, she saw me that I was so stressed and thinking a lot. She then asked, do you remember me? I didn\uc0{\u8217}t remember her but then she reminded me that she knew my late dad and she met me once when I was in secondary school.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t the type of a guy to get in stranger\uc0{\u8217}s cars but after she mentioned my father\uc0{\u8217}s name I accepted. She then asked me, \uc0{\u8221}did you see me drive by?\uc0{\u8221} I shook my head and said no. I saw you and I saw you were not in a good mood then I stopped and reversed the car. Are you okay? She asked. I decided to tell her the whole truth about what I was going through. She just listened and took me home. At home she gave me cash 40,000 to buy food and she promised to bring my rent money which was going to be 150,000 for three months the other day and I shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t stress. She called my landlord and said that she was my friend. She promises to pay my rent so she shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t worry.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was as if I was dreaming. The next day around 11am she came and gave me 300,000mk. She said I should keep the 50,000mk for me to use for the week and then the other 100,000 I should send to my mother back home. Then she said while I am looking for a job, I should think of a business I can do with a capital of around 500,000 to 1 million Kwacha that she was expecting a payment from someone and if it goes through, she can give me on Sunday that week. It was all happening too fast. I was in total disbelief. When I thanked her, she kept on saying it\uc0{\u8217}s okay, don\uc0{\u8217}t worry about it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 On Friday she came back. She picked me up and we went at a certain restaurant in town. She asked me if I had thought about a business I wanted to do. I told her and my budget was 500,000. She took out an envelope and handed it over to me. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t count how much money it was. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t say as well. I asked her, why are you doing this? She asked me if you a knew a certain name which was my father\uc0{\u8217}s. I told her that was my late father. She smiled and said, \uc0{\u8221}Your father was my primary school teacher in Madisi in 1980s, he bought me my first shoes in 1988 when I had no shoes and I was in standard 4 that time. People used to laugh at me. One day your father just took me to a certain shop and asked me to try on shoes and gave them to me.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I shed tears but she just kept on smiling and said I hope you\uc0{\u8217}re as kind as your father. Afterwards she dropped me home and said that told me not to hesitate if I needed any help to call her. When I got home, I opened the envelope. In the envelope there was 1 million Kwacha. In my life I had never seen even 500,000 Kwacha at once. I was speechless that time. My father was quite good man, many people I meet who knew him always say he was kind. I don\uc0{\u8217}t remember meeting this woman who is now someone I call my aunty when my father was alive. Indeed, just do well and the wellness will find you without expecting it in the future.}}\par
\sect
}