{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy22\hr15\min20\sec33}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy22\hr15\min20\sec33}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b When a farm is your only home}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Several households of former farm labourers are to be moved from the farm where they lived and worked for decades, but they have nowhere to go. No one of them thought such a day would come, when they would leave a Magaliesburg farm where some have resided for more than 3 decades. The families comprise of about 30 people who include families of the original farm labourers, whose numbers have multiplied over the years.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The people lived and worked on the farmland and resided in old compound homes built by the previous farm owner with their families. Despite having old shabby walls, the homes were everything to the labourers and their families. They worked on the farm without pay for years in exchange for a free piece of land to live on. Despite their growing families they were not allowed to extend the houses or to build any additional cottages. They came to believe that their lives on the farm\uc0{\u160} would be forever and some have buried their loved ones on the farm.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When the farm stopped operating the workers were paid, but say the money was too little compared to the many years of service on the farm. Promises to be given an alternative piece of land to re-side on with their families did not materialise, instead they were asked to move.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Life on the farm has now become unbearable due to increased threats of eviction and water has been cut off. A garden which they used to grow crops to feed their families has also been blocked and are no longer allowed to farm there.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Most have run out of the money paid to them by the farm owner claiming it was too little compared to years of hard farm labour. Each one of them was paid R1000 for each year spent on the farm.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Peter Mova arrived on the farm in 1971 during South Africa\uc0{\u8217}s Apartheid and started working in the maize field when he was only 15 years old. Later in 1978 he became a tractor driver. When the farm owner built him a house he was promised that it was to be his home for life. Later he married wife, Beauty Mova to join him on the farm. Beauty would sometimes work in the maize field and in the farm kitchen for the master. Both claims worked for years without pay so long as there was a roof over their heads, it mattered not.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In April 2022 More was given R44000 for 44 years of service and his wife R43000. Prior to receiving the money they signed a piece of paper. More claims that the owner explained the paper as a payment contract, but he and his wife like others could not understand the contents of the contract as he cannot read nor write.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The owner promised to buy us a piece of land where we would move to,but it has not happened. Later some people who could read explained that we had signed away our right to live on the land and that we were expected to move. This makes no sense to me because as a farm labourer l have rights on this land because I worked for it and will not move just like that,\uc0{\u8221} More says he does not want to move from the farm because two of his deceased children are buried on the farm. He lives with his wife, siblings and other children on the farm.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}When they paid us we had so many obligations which we needed to pay for. The money was As we speak there is no money left. The government should intervene and make sure that our rights as farm labourers are honoured and that we are given land.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Leaving our children who are buried here will not be easy, but we would have wanted to live here and be close to our children,\uc0{\u8221} said Betty More.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Fred Mzama started working on the farm in early 2002. He was paid R22000 for the 22 years spent on the farm. The money finished with such speed because it was too little even to buy him a house. With no job he now struggles to survive with his wife and eight children. All of them live in one house on the farm compound. Subdivisions with cheap board material allows for some privacy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mzama would have preferred to continue living on the farm. He now grows flowers on a small piece of land next to his house, some skills learnt while working on the farm. One day he will start a flower business to help look after his family, he says.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}My heart bleeds at the thought of being moved from a farm where l have worked so hard. Being paid R1000 for each year we worked on the farm is unfair, and expecting us to leave is heartbreaking. My hope was to live on the farm forever and to build each and everyone of my family members a cottage. I have no other place to take my Betty and the children,\uc0{\u8221} Mzama said with tears flickering in his eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jap Danda remembers his father telling him of arriving on the farm more than twenty years ago. The old man passed\uc0{\u160} away peacefully a few years ago, God bless his soul.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jap joined his father at the farm in 2010 and worked driving the farm tractor . When his father passed on in 2013 he continued working and took over the compound home. The boss paid him R12000 for his twelve years of service on the farm. All of the money is spent.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}The money which they paid us was only enough for groceries and has run out. What about my father\uc0{\u8217}s money because he never got anything until he died? My family should be treated with dignity for all our dedication to the farm,\uc0{\u8221} said Danda.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After serving on the farm for 20 years, Francina Dhlamini got R18000. She loves her farm compound house dearly. Leaving is the last thing she wants. But she has come to terms with the fact that she may soon move.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}This is what happens when one does not have a place registered under their own name. I will forever cherish the years spent here. My family was raised here.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Rural Legal Trust advocates for the rights of farm workers in Magaliesburg. A number of government farm land claims filed for many farm workers were still pending, a representative Moss Sekobane said. He explained that people had to be allocated land on the farms they have served on according to the law.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}There are a number of vulnerable and exploited farm workers around Magaliesburg. The law affords farm labourers the right to a piece of land either on the respective farm or to be bought by either the farm owners or government. But rights remain unprotected. Former farm owners get forcefully removed from their homes on farmland.Because farm dwellers are uneducated, most end up selling away their rights and receiving small amounts of money in exchange. The government is failing farm dwellers by not processing land claims,\uc0{\u8221} said Sekobane.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 According to him, thousands of land claims filed to the government from 1996 onwards have yet to be processed, deeming many labour farm occupiers almost homeless.}}\par
\sect
}