{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy20\hr18\min03\sec28}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy20\hr18\min03\sec28}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Never in my life did I think that today I would be passing through this. I swear on my life, but when I think of my two sons, something is holding me back. I found messages on my wife\uc0{\u8217}s phone where she\uc0{\u8217}s talking to her male co-worker. She is telling him that she is struggling financially to take care of me, our family, and that she has so many bills because I\uc0{\u8217}m jobless and don\uc0{\u8217}t help her. She was telling him to connect her to his rich friends so that she could cheat for money.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She has humiliated me to her workmate, and I don\uc0{\u8217}t even know why because we have been married for 11 years, during which I met her when she only had a Malawi Secondary Certificate of Examination. I was already working, and from my salary, I managed to send her back to rewrite her high school and hired a part-time teacher, I paid for her to do an accounting diploma and then a degree.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I lost my job in 2020 due to COVID 19 and since then, I\uc0{\u8217}ve been unlucky and have tried various failed business ventures. I have prayed to God for either me or my wife to get a job, and indeed, she got a job in 2021. I sold my car to pay rent and other bills. Now she has a job, a good job, and has even bought a car.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I noticed her mean behaviour towards me, including denying me her car when it\uc0{\u8217}s free to use for my errands. I had no idea she would go as far as embarrassing me to strangers and asking to cheat for money. What would she have done if she had nothing? Could she have killed someone? I have no energy to talk to her now. Her workmate asked her, \uc0{\u8221}Have you talked to your husband about it?\uc0{\u8221} She said he is too comfortable and lazy to get a job.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Every day, every week, I\uc0{\u8217}ve been applying for jobs and praying. I\uc0{\u8217}ve never met anyone so ungrateful in this life like my wife, but I did what I did for her out of love, so I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to harm her. My God won\uc0{\u8217}t allow me to do it. I\uc0{\u8217}m just wondering if she ever loved me, or was she just using me at the time? I have never cheated on this woman ever. I gave my all for her and our boys. I have decided that I\uc0{\u8217}m going to leave without confronting her and never look back. I\uc0{\u8217}m going through a difficult time and confused of what my next steps will be.}}\par
\sect
}