{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy14\hr16\min43\sec26}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy14\hr16\min43\sec26}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 We were a family of five living in Tehran, a huge, sprawling capital city of over six and a half million inhabitants. My elder brother was born in 1362 (1983). My father named him Mahdi, and I was born a year later. Surprisingly, my parents did not give me a name.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 There was an old man in our neighbourhood, the father of a martyr, who gave his son\uc0{\u8217}s life for the defense of the country. He became a martyr in the imposed war between Iran and Iraq in 1361(1982). When he found out about my birth, he asked my parents to choose my name. My parents, who revered him very much, accepted his request and then I was named Zahra.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 Zahra means bright. I was born in 1363(1984).\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 There were two of us, my brother and I.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 My parents tried to divide the care and attention equally between us to avoid jealousy.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 Raising two children at the same time proved to be an immense challenge, one that seemed almost impossible to manage.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 We both imitated and mirrored each other\uc0{\u8217}s behavior, actions and words. My mother found herself in a constant\uc0{\u160} dilemma. We grew up in an oppressive and difficult situation.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 There was a war going on in our country. Living in Tehran during a time of war meant that danger lurked around every corner.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 The piercing sound of alarm became a regular occurance, prompting us to seek refuge in the cellar multiple times a day. Our two-storey building\uc0{\u160} provided little protection from the turmoil outside. And the scarcity of food or any amenities made life challing during 8-year-war.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 There was no natural gas in the mains in our house. We only relied on a small portable stove on which my mother cooked food. Whenever the gas of the stove ran out, my mother would take my hand and go to refill it. After refilling , it became heavier and my mother often had to put it down to get home. In Winter we used a kerosene lamp to keep the room warm. It needed some oil to be lit. So we purchased some from a man who carried the oil by a wheelbarrow and sold it in the street. The head of this kerosene lamp was wide and flat. My mother put the kettle on it to keep the water warm so we could drink tea whenever we wanted. Or she put the pot of soup on it from early in the morning until lunch or dinner time. We didn\uc0{\u8217}t have a bathroom in the house and had to go to a public bathhouse twice a week. I was a little girl, but too shy to undress in front of the other girls and women. So I went straight to the place called room. Each room had a number on it. There was a private shower in. I\uc0{\u160} closed the door and washed my body.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 The door was half-built, so I could see out.I took a shower with my eyes open to see who was coming. Then I wrapped a towel around my body and went out, fully dressed, and waited for my mother to come.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 The running water that my mother used to wash the dishes or dirty clothes was too cold in winter, we didn\uc0{\u8217}t have hot running water or a washing machine. When she used the water, my mother would blow on her hands and rub them together to warm herself up a little. She had a lot of stretch marks on her hands. Life at that time without any facilities under aerial bombardment was very hard. When there was lunch or dinner, my older brother and I\uc0{\u8217}d run together to be the first to get the food.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 The two of us were hollering at the top of our lungs. I insisted it was my turn first, while my brother was adamant that he should go first. My mother was perplexed as to whom to serve first. We both screamed and ran towards our mother with plastic plates in our hands. My father had bought plastic plates, cutlery and cups for us because my brother and I were always arguing with each other and that could be dangerous.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 We both wanted to be the first to serve and take the food. It was really hard for my mother to deal with in those days. She ended up taking two solid, wooden spoons in both hands and feeding us at the same time to solve the problem.Our father had to endure the very same scenario that our mother faced.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 He always made sure to bring home a handful of chocolates for us to enjoy as a snack, establishing a daily routine. My father, a hardworking laborer at an oil company, would reach into his pockets every evening, pulling out two chocolates \uc0{\u8211} one from his left pocket and the other from his right, presenting them to us simultaneously. In 1366(1987), after three years, my younger brother Alireza, whom we affectionately called Ali, was born.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 Everything was the same as before.We were still at war. Despite the ongoing war and our modest living conditions in an apartment building without amenities, one significant change occurred: my brother and I matured, we grew older and wiser. We no longer engaging in the petty fights of our youth.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 At the age of three, I began assisting my mother with household chores, understanding the challenges our family faced and no longer expecting our father to bring home snacks every evening.Because we understood the difficult situation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 Aware of our father\uc0{\u8217}s financial struggles, we adjusted our expectations accordingly. In his absence, my brother took on the responsibility of buying bread, as we both endeavored to support our parents. With the arrival of my younger brother Ali, our family expanded. Ali\uc0{\u8217}s beauty surpassed that of my older brother and me, making him seem like a living doll to me. I eagerly assisted my mother with changing his cloth diapers, which were washed and dried in the sun due to our inability to afford disposable ones. Entrusted with caring for Ali, I felt a sense of maturity beyond my years, reflecting on past actions with newfound understanding. As I gazed at his smiling face, the touch of his tiny hand around my finger filled me with joy and a deep sense of responsibility.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 As he grasped my finger and attempted to suck on it, a profound connection was forged between us. Each passing day saw Ali growing rapidly, surpassing me in height by the age of 12 with broad, strong shoulders. Our relationship evolved into that of close friends, sharing our innermost thoughts and aspirations. By the time he reached 22, he stood at an impressive 189 centimeters tall, having graduated and found love with his girlfriend Sepideh, who also became a part of our outings together. Despite his journey into adulthood, my younger brother and I continued to share significant moments in life, cherishing the bond that had been woven between us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 Despite moments of silence, our unspoken support for each other remained unwavering, creating a bond that made us an inseparable duo. With a sense of mutual protection, we stood united, deterring anyone from crossing us. At the age of 26, I entered into marriage, but a year later faced a challenging situation. An idea had sparked in my mind to throw a belated birthday party for Ali, my younger brother, whom I had not seen for days due to work commitments. On July 11, the day before my own birthday, I decided to surprise him with his favorite profiteroles, driving to my parents\uc0{\u8217} home where he still resided at the age of 23.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 When I arrived, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t see him and asked my mother where he was. She told me that he hadn\uc0{\u8217}t woken up yet.\uc0{\u8221} He\uc0{\u8217}s still asleep\uc0{\u8221},\uc0{\u8221} my mother said. I was shocked because it was 9:00 in the morning and he wasn\uc0{\u8217}t used to waking up late. Worried, I went to his room and knocked on the door three times but got no answer. Openning the door with great force, I found my brother lying on the floor, unmoving.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 I called him\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}.\uc0{\u8220} Ali, Ali, look, your sister is here\uc0{\u8221}. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}ve come to see you\uc0{\u8221}. \uc0{\u8220}I missed you very much\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8230} but there was no answer. No reaction. Tears kept rolling down my face as I felt frozen and confusion.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 Many thoughts ran through my head. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t move. The tears meant I could no longer see him clearly. Everything was blurred. I called out to him again, but\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}..\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 Overwhelmed, I fell to my knees. After a few seconds, I crawled across the floor to reach my sleeping brother.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 I took his hand, it was cold. I desperately tried to rouse him, refusing to accept the possibility of losing him for ever.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Ali, my little brother, I\uc0{\u8217}ve come to see you\uc0{\u8221}. \uc0{\u8220}Look what I\uc0{\u8217}ve brought you.\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8220}What you\uc0{\u8217}ve always liked\uc0{\u8221},\uc0{\u8221} I whispered in his ear with tears streaming down my face.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 Then I took a profiterole and put it in his mouth, hoping for any sign of life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Ali, open your mouth and take a little bite\uc0{\u8221},\uc0{\u8221} I kept repeating. I was going mad. In my despair, I burst into tears. I cried ou loudly untill my mother entered the room.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Ali was so tired, don\uc0{\u8217}t worry, he\uc0{\u8217}s resting in peace now,\uc0{\u8221} I said, looking my mother in the eye. Then I threw myself into Ali\uc0{\u8217}s arms, kissed his closed eyes and went silent.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Come closer and say goodbye to your young, handsome son,\uc0{\u8221} I said to my mother a few seconds later.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 Today is his wedding day. You wanted to see him in his wedding suit, didn\uc0{\u8217}t you? I said. Then I dialed a number\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar \sb0\sa0{{\cf0\f0 my husband was on the line\uc0{\u8230} \uc0{\u8220}Amir, my darling, come here to say goodbye to my brother, he\uc0{\u8217}s going on a journey and will never come back\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}