{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo09\dy17\hr22\min21\sec40}{\revtim \yr2024\mo09\dy17\hr22\min21\sec40}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Growing up without a mother is one tougher thing, then growing up without love is the toughest thing ever.I have never been the one who believes in love, because my childhood was short of nothing but hurt.Most of the times when I\uc0{\u8217}m watching a movie with a love scene, I always routed for heartbreak. I never understood the essence of loving someone except my mom.I even swore to be a priest (Imam) when I grow up; I never imagined myself loving anybody\uc0{\u8217}s daughter.I grew up in that era of Mexican and Palestinian soap opera movies. My favourite was \uc0{\u8216}Tormenta En El Paraiso\uc0{\u8217} translated as Storm Over Paradise, my favourite character Mariana Seoane who acted as the tormenter in the movie; fought and did all that was possible to break up Erick Elias alias Nicolas Bravo and Sara Maldonado alias Aymar who were in love.Well, I think there is not a single day hatred will ever prevail over love. Even in cartoon movies, love still wins; I thought to myself this must have been an effect of William Shakespeare\uc0{\u8217}s Romeo and Juliet or watching too much of Titanic.Most nights I would stand on the balcony and stare up, looking at the stars and wondering how beautiful they are. How a large heavenly body like the moon appears so small yet the science explains that it\uc0{\u8217}s as big as other planets, is a mystery to me just like love was. But sometimes I ask myself, if love is as beautiful as they say it to be, why did they kill Jesus who did nothing but love us? Sounds like hate is bigger than love. This perception changed when I met her, I mean Teresia Njeri aka Terry.One cold morning of January, I was seated in the class. I had just made my comeback to River Jordan Academy-Secondary School after a long spell in boarding school. My sponsor was not able to raise my school fees anymore. I was then forced to come home but after I met with the school director, River Jordan\uc0{\u8217}s director.He allowed me to study until I was able to raise the amount. This allowed me to join the school once more time since I had studied there before. It was like a comeback of the prodigal son.This was me now back again to mixed-day school. That morning after the Monday assembly, we all got to our classes; our class was on the first floor. We climbed the stairs but I was the first one to climb up. I entered the class and occupied my front seat just straight from the class\uc0{\u8217}s main door, I took out my chemistry books; textbook, and exercise book as students were settling down. I was kind of a loner; I didn\uc0{\u8217}t talk much unless I\uc0{\u8217}m spoken to. I\uc0{\u8217}m a certified clown when I get comfortable around people. We sat in five rows and two columns, the first column had three rows then a space in between the first column and the second one. The second column had two rows; we were seventy-five in the class. Next to me was my friend Barasa then Moses on the first row. When I thought everyone was in the class, it then entered this girl who stood apart from the rest of the ladies in our class. As glooming as a flower in the morning sun of the summer. She walked in a bossy manner you would think she was signed with a modeling agency, she sat in the middle of the class. She was ten seats behind me. I tried my best not to look behind, worried about what if our eyes met. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know how best to react if she smiled at me. I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t ready for her.There was something about her that attracted my heart to hers. It was like trying to rip it out of my chest. She was short, about five feet and six inches. I\uc0{\u8217}m not so sure. Brown with curvy hips and well-placed sitting allowance with sparkling eyes like a shooting star across the dark sky. Brighter than the full moonbeam.Her face was so soft even from a distance one could tell she was made from the softest material of heaven. You would think Beyonce was singing about her when she said \uc0{\u8220}She needs an Oscar for that pretty dark skin\uc0{\u8221} she is the best thing in this world. I had a hard time breathing when she smiled. Her lips curved, small, and luscious. They get slimmer when she smiles. My heart got heavier when she opened her mouth to speak, it was like I had swallowed a ton of metal. I got so nervous that I felt like my heart was beating so loud. We were told back in primary school that West African drums were the loudest. And I felt like the whole class was hearing my heartbeats for her.I stared at her from where I was seated. Her thighs appeared to have been made from Garden of Eden soil. Her breasts were perfectly made for her, round and pointed. Her beauty is unmatched in the whole school. You would think she is a direct descendant of Aphrodite.Her uniform appeared to appreciate her body. It was hard to tell if her uniform was really pretty or if she made it compliment her beauty.}\par
{\cf0\f0\fs24\b It was not easy to tell if she was a Kikuyu because of her curvy, big hips. Kikuyu is the largest tribe in Kenya. Also known for producing beautiful women across the country, if I\uc0{\u8217}m wrong my fellow tourists can testify on my behalf.}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b This girl if she was in the ancient days of King Solomon, could have been the most beautiful woman in the kingdom. I thought to myself, how could a beautiful lady like her be walking the earth like a lost angel? It is like before she was created, God thought carefully and called a meeting and they decided how she was going to be made.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b He placed everything in an equal portion but her booty was the one that got the larger share. An incurable pain flows in my heart as the fantasy of her lips touching mine grows and just the thought of her breasts touching my chest gives me goosebumps, it sends my heart racing to a point it pushes me off my seat. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220}Bro, are you okay? You are all sweaty on this chilly morning. Are you sick or something is wrong?\uc0{\u8221} asked Shady. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}No, no am alright, Mluhya,\uc0{\u8221} I assured him. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Moses was busy laughing because he noticed I had been gazing at her since she entered. \uc0{\u8220}Tha\uc0{\u8230}tha\uc0{\u8230}tha\uc0{\u8230}that girl yo\uc0{\u8230}yo\uc0{\u8230}yo\uc0{\u8230}yo\uc0{\u8230}you b\uc0{\u8230}b\uc0{\u8230}b\uc0{\u8230}been loo\uc0{\u8230}loo\uc0{\u8230}looking a\uc0{\u8230}a\uc0{\u8230}at ha\uc0{\u8230}ha\uc0{\u8230}ha\uc0{\u8230}her\uc0{\u8221} He said.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}Whatever man, how is it yo\uc0{\u8230}yo\uc0{\u8230}yo\uc0{\u8230}your b\uc0{\u8230}b\uc0{\u8230}b\uc0{\u8230}business?\uc0{\u8221} I asked as I mocked how he talked. Moses happened to be a stammerer and also epileptic. Shady said \uc0{\u8220}Bro, Osoro is a stammerer but a very good dude\uc0{\u8221} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b I looked away as I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t interested in good guys, I just wanted a good-looking girl who was seated behind me. After a few minutes I asked Shady who the girl was and if she had a boyfriend in the school, but he assured me that she was single and very friendly. Osoro then said Shady has eyes for the girl too. He and Samuel who is my cousin have bet, the first one to win will be collecting one chapati from the loser until the end of the term. \uc0{\u8220}Guess who is going to collect all the chapatis?\uc0{\u8221} I said. We all laughed, and then Samuel joined the conversation from the other first row. He sat near the door at the corner. \uc0{\u8220}Why are you guys laughing and what are you talking about?\uc0{\u8221} he inquired }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Samuel was the class topper. He was supposed to finish the previous year but something was wrong with his registration, so he repeated the class that year. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b The teacher entered the class, \uc0{\u8220}Good morning class? Get out your chemistry books\uc0{\u8221} he said.We replied to him in unison \uc0{\u8220}Good morning Mr. Chacha\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}What did we learn in the last class?\uc0{\u8221} he asked }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b She pulled out her book from the locker and read on with the most soothing and sweetest voice ever. The sound of her voice made my ears locked with my eardrums then made a music and rhythm that lasted from ear to ear as she read on. I pretended I was not looking but I found myself smiling, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help seeing her lips moving. The teacher interrupted my concentration, \uc0{\u8220}Seems like we have a new student, what is your name young man?\uc0{\u8221} he asked. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}Jones Majun, sir\uc0{\u8221} I replied }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}I am Mr. Chacha. Do you know what that is?\uc0{\u8221} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}No, sir\uc0{\u8221} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}You will know as time goes by\uc0{\u8221} he added \uc0{\u8220}That is enough Terry, thank you for reminding the class\uc0{\u8221}. I was flabbergasted by such a decision. How dare you ask her to keep quiet when her voice is the best thing to ever happen to me that morning? But I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t let out such a thought since he was the teacher. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b After the first class, she pulled out a grey neck scarf and wrapped it around her neck. She then searched through her locker while tucking her stubborn hair inside the scarf. I realized I had been looking at her for so long. There were very few in the class, most of the students had gone out for a short break. As she was about to close her locker she looked around as if she suspected I was staring and that is when our eyes interlocked which sent a cold chill down my spine and my heart fighting my small chest threatening to burst out if not given space to pass.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b My head started sending questions, \uc0{\u8220}Did she just catch me staring at her? What are you going to tell her? Just go out man, and pretend nothing happened\uc0{\u8221} as I kept looking at her with shy glances. Lost in her. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b She then got up from her seat. I broke my glances and pretended I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t looking at her. I brought out my book and acted like I was reading through it. A few minutes later I felt something walking right in front of me, she then sat next to me looking straight into my face. She looked at me as if she would ask why have you been staring at me? But to my surprise, she just smiled, a smile that looked more beautiful from a close range. She then took the novel from me \uc0{\u8220}You are reading it upside down, is that how you people read from your previous school?\uc0{\u8230} you must be a wizard if you can read the book upside down.\uc0{\u8221} as she left a smile.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I didn\uc0{\u8217}t give her a response, my head had collided with my heart and the chaos needed an intervention from a mediator.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}Hi\uc0{\u8230},\uc0{\u8221} she said in her angelic voice which was made more sweeter by her smile.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b That voice lingered in my head for quite some seconds which left me dumbstruck, sending my lips trembling, formulating words in my mind but my mouth betrayed me. I replied to her \uc0{\u8220}I am\uc0{\u8230} hi, sorry. River And The Source\uc0{\u8221} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}Yes, I can see it is River and the source. I said hi, that is a greeting\uc0{\u8221} she said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b My mind recollected itself and as soon as I gained my sense, I broke my shyness. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}Hi, am Majun, and you?\uc0{\u8221} I said with a trembling voice. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}Teresia Njeri, but they called me Terry here in the class,\uc0{\u8221} she said }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}John Terry, do you play football?\uc0{\u8221} I asked }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}No, I don\uc0{\u8217}t. And who is John Terry?\uc0{\u8221} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}Chelsea football club captain who plays as a centreback,\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b I was struggling, I could tell by how I was sweating in the morning, did I mention that it was a cold morning before.? It was like I had been possessed and I needed exorcism to get her spirit out. I have never come across such a lady before, maybe Katrina or Nyariak or Lydia Mark that comes closer to her but still.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b  But there was one lady I could compare to her; Sarah Abraham was also a beast of beauty. Then there was something about this Terry girl that I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t wrap my head around. How can a human be so perfect and be unpredictable with the moves?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}Which school are you from?\uc0{\u8221} she asked while she pulled down her blouse }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}Jamhuri Boys,\uc0{\u8221} I said looking admirably at her blouse. Was it a blouse even, I wanted to see those thighs up close.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}My brother also went to that school; it is very big.\uc0{\u8221} She smiled while describing how big the school is with her hands, her arms wide stretched out. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}Oh! Great\uc0{\u8221} I said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b I was out of words and the conversation was falling out. We stayed for some minutes without talking and I decided to go out and stretch my legs a bit before we returned for a double Maths class. Before I could move, she broke the silence.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}Do you understand set-books?\uc0{\u8221} she asked}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}Yeah, I do. What of you? I asked back while smiling. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}Oh! Man, I don\uc0{\u8217}t have the brain to hold all of that\uc0{\u8221} she laughed }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b I said to myself, don\uc0{\u8217}t worry I will make you love books. You are just not studying enough. And I kept quiet, I didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to sound weird or stupid in a manner that she would think i\uc0{\u8217}m mocking her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b  \uc0{\u8220}Oh! Okay,\uc0{\u8221} I reluctantly said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b I could see the annoyance on her face. I made a disclaimer.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220}Hey, look. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how to hold a healthy conversation for so long. I\uc0{\u8217}m fun only when I know few things about the person.\uc0{\u8221} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b She stared at me while smiling, that same charming smile that made me tremble earlier with fear piercing through my heart, banging ribcages like a madman begging to be released. She stared while maintaining eye contact. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}What now?\uc0{\u8230} Did I say something bad?\uc0{\u8221} I asked in amusement. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}No. Do you know this is the longest conversation you have had since I sat here?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b She then added \uc0{\u8220}I was wondering when you were going to let that man inside come out and finally he just spoke.\uc0{\u8221} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}You made me uncomfortable with that beauty,\uc0{\u8221} I said to myself. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b My head was relaxed and my heart got lighter with every word we spoke. We exchanged funny stories and shared a lot of laughter. I have never laughed like that around a lady for quite some time until that day. There was some innocence in her words as they passed through my heart to my head before they were amplified and translated into images.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b There was something about her behaviours that I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t seen in the class, she was as lively as a cricket and carefree like a bird freed from the cage as if she had no problems. We carried on with the conversation with no boundaries; she told me about few things about the class and the teachers. I could see the excitement in her eyes. I made her laugh uncontrollably with the manner of jokes, I have always been a clown around ladies I like and very strategic with words. She couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help but cover her mouth with two hands to avoid being loud. I wish we could continue longer but \uc0{\u160}a good dancer is he who knows when to leave the dance floor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b I have never felt that way before. The feeling was something that I had never believed I would fall for one day. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b I have fallen in love before but not to the point I lose myself in someone else and be so free and weightless just in a second. Wait, was I not in love before? What was it that I have had with these other girls? I guess I will never know, but for once I felt my life was complete with her. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b The school bell rang to signal the end of a short break. She got up and walked out of the class heading for the washroom. I did nothing but gaze my poor eyes at her gigantic butts; damn the lady was blessed, she truly had a bright future behind her. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe she was that gifted. I watched as she disappeared through the stairs. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Students started storming in, laughing and others playing. My first day back had just started well and in an emphatic manner. Shady came and he was all noisy, being the playful guy, he is. He ran to the back of the class; I didn\uc0{\u8217}t catch what he was chasing but well it wasn\uc0{\u8217}t a lady. Osoro started asking questions \uc0{\u8220}I saw you with her through the window, what were you guys discussing?\uc0{\u8221} he then paused for a while as if he was interrogating me \uc0{\u8220}Oh wait let me guess she told you her name and where she comes from plus other good things. Didn\uc0{\u8217}t she?\uc0{\u8221} I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t interested in any of his questions. He sounded like a jealous boyfriend. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Our Maths teacher entered and to my surprise, he is the school director but no one can tell since he was a young guy in his early 30s. \uc0{\u8220}Shady, unafanya nini hapo surely?\uc0{\u8221} this is to say what are you doing there Shady in Swahili as he looks through the page. Shady came back and he sat down smiling. \uc0{\u8220}Sikujua pia wewe unakuwanga na vituko?\uc0{\u8221} I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know you were full of jokes too, he said while smiling. \uc0{\u8220}So, today we are going to learn what Matrix transformation is\uc0{\u8221} he turned and wrote on the board as he talked \uc0{\u8220}Majun, I hope you have covered this topic in your previous school?\uc0{\u8221} I looked around and all eyes were on me. \uc0{\u8220}Yes mwalimu, we were almost through with Statistics Two before we closed the school for the December holiday,\uc0{\u8221} I said. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b He chuckled as he walked through the class, \uc0{\u8220}In this class, we have slow learners, we must go slowly, step by step so that no one is left behind. Our aim here is to make sure that every student is at least getting 50% in every subject.\uc0{\u8221} He looked through the window and turned back. I agreed with him but my full focus was not on his class since I had already covered that topic. All I wanted was for the class to finish and to be left with my newfound Barbie.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b The class went on and through it, I realized that my newfound girl was really bad in Maths and Chemistry. In the last class, she was giving unrelated answers when asked and the same thing happened when the director called her to work out a sum of matrix on the board. I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t interested in whatever she was writing there my focus was on her butts, daydreaming about what it could be having her in my arms half naked or completely naked. Yes, I was fantasizing with a lot of nasty thoughts and again my body started to heat up. The teacher interrupted my session with the most obvious question ever \uc0{\u8220}Do any of you in this class understand what she is doing?\uc0{\u8221} the whole class was quiet except Shady and Samuel Majok who did not agree with her. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}No, she did the multiplication wrongly.\uc0{\u8221} Said Sam}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}Okay, Sam how is it supposed to be done?\uc0{\u8221} asked the teacher handing out a white chalk to Majok. Sam got up and walked towards the board and he did the sum in less than a minute and sat down. Terry also followed and she sat down. I looked at her in a glance to say \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry, if you allow me to be your lover you won\uc0{\u8217}t struggle with simple sums like that matrix again in your school life\uc0{\u8221} I was about to unleash my soap opera moves on her, after all, I have watched so many that I have qualified to be a romantic guy. Charming words and gentle touches, a style so rare. I learned it from William Levy. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Time went by, and we became close friends. She stopped struggling with Maths and she was scoring decent grades but Chemistry remained her biggest problem. There was a time we almost kissed during the closing day and we got caught by the director, I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what he was looking for in the classes that afternoon. I quickly denied the action. I was called to the office and I was lectured, \uc0{\u8220}Jones, let me ask you one question\uc0{\u8221} he said as he placed his arms on the table \uc0{\u8220}Do you know why you are in this school?\uc0{\u8221} he closed his laptop which was on the table. \uc0{\u8220}Yes,\uc0{\u8221} I said in a low tone, then I added \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m here because you did me a favour to study until can pay the fees\uc0{\u8221} I scratched my head with my head lowered in shame. He cleared his throat then he said \uc0{\u8220}That is not why you are here, there is an obvious reason why you accepted to come here\uc0{\u8221} he opened the drawers looking for something then there was a knock at the door. It was Miss Mwende the school deputy principal. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}Mwalimu, am leaving.\uc0{\u8221} She spoke}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}Okay, even me I will go home when all the students are gone. We will talk on the phone.\uc0{\u8221} He said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Miss Mwende left then she came back again. \uc0{\u8220}Is there a problem?\uc0{\u8221} she inquired }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}No, we are just discussing his grades.\uc0{\u8221} He said.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}Okay, he is a very good student. His performances are indeed outstanding\uc0{\u8221} she said as she walked off and closed the door behind her. There was then a long silence. Mr Kuria broke the silence, and before he could add another word his phone rang. \uc0{\u8220}Let me pick up this call, I will be back,\uc0{\u8221} he said. Seems like a very important call that he needed to pick up outside his office. After a few minutes, he came back. He sat down and said, \uc0{\u8220}Majun, you are one of the brightest students we have in this school and I won\uc0{\u8217}t allow a temporary moment of pleasure to ruin it all for you.\uc0{\u8221} He looked at his phone again. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m not following,\uc0{\u8221} I said. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}What I am saying is that you and this girl don\uc0{\u8217}t have a future at all. After here, when you are done with the last paper; you won\uc0{\u8217}t see each other again.\uc0{\u8221} He said laughing, \uc0{\u8220}Look at me. When the exams are finished, you will go home and she will go home. You will keep in touch for a few weeks then no communication after there. This is something I have experienced before, take it from the source.\uc0{\u8221} I reluctantly accepted it asking myself if this man has ever experienced such kind of love before or if he has ever seen a beautiful lady like Terry. \uc0{\u8220}I\uc0{\u8217}m sure there were no such ladies during his school period,\uc0{\u8221} I said to myself.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b I was let go after half an hour of lecture. Nothing was about to change anyway, because I kept everything on the line for her. Every second I was with her was just heavenly, a joy so sweet coming from the love chambers of my heart, and I was not ready to let go of such feelings for anything. I came out of the school compound having a lot of thought in my head. We had agreed before that I would walk her home and see where she lives, but my chances of doing that were slashed down by Mr. Director. To my surprise, she was waiting for me at a junction about 500 meters away from school. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe it, wasn\uc0{\u8217}t this love? It was like I was in those movie scenes. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b I walked her home and while we were walking, she disclosed a lot of things like how she loves her stepsister who is 6 years old. It was the first time she was opening up to me. Her mother died when she was in class eight, and all the years they have been living with their stepmother. They don\uc0{\u8217}t get along with the stepmother but still, she loves her stepsister whom she takes care of during the holidays. She talked of how close they are with her sister and how much she adores her; she would style her hair during the weekends and spend the nights together, playing and laughing but she can\uc0{\u8217}t do that now. For the last 2 months the little girl was taken to her grandmother\uc0{\u8217}s house which was closer to the school, she is all lonely at home. I saw her wipe little tears hanging around her eyes begging to be let go. I was short of words but I found out the type she is. She has a soft spot for love despite all the treatment from her stepmother she still feels they are inseparable from her sister. She told me she wished she could go visit her just to see her smile kiss her tiny hands and sleep beside her. She craves her voice and everything about her little sister. Her eyes started getting red, I stopped her. \uc0{\u8220}Am jealous of her, why is she getting all the love.\uc0{\u8221} she chuckled while she adjusted her shirt collar and pushed away stubborn teardrops from the conjunction of her eyelids. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b \uc0{\u8220}Majun, I have never told anyone my story before only the school director knows it. Please keep this between us. You can come around anytime in the weekdays\uc0{\u8221} She smiled as if to say something. \uc0{\u8220}That is the building, we live on the ground floor house number three\uc0{\u8221} she pointed at the flat. I nodded and smiled back. \uc0{\u8220}This is it now, see you around next week buddy. I never had such a wonderful time before with any guy, I don\uc0{\u8217}t know why am saying this\uc0{\u8221} she said. But I knew why she was saying it, she liked me too but was afraid to say, so I assured her it was all good. \uc0{\u8220}Good moments are meant to be cherished and shared with people who are dear to us.\uc0{\u8221} She hugged me and walked away, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t help but watch her go in and close the gate. My heart smiled as she walked in and since that day, I never recovered from the love portion or is it a spell? }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Time went by. Months passed and we were all short of nothing but a place to show our love since we were in school. They said love is a beautiful thing and yes, I agree with them. The time came for our final exams in high school. I was among the last group to finish the exams, she and others who took History and Government finished a day before. After my exams, I knew we now have time to give love all the time in the world to bloom into a beautiful rose. I went out on a hunt to get the love of my life whom I never told I loved in the den of her father and stepmother whom I don\uc0{\u8217}t know. After reaching the gate, my feet started to feel wobbly and my body was cold like a child suffering from malaria. Upon knocking at her door, a woman came out and gave me a look that made me stammered you might think it was Moses Osoro at that gate. \uc0{\u8220}Unataka aje? Na wewe ni nani?\uc0{\u8221} this is to say what do you want? And who are you? In Swahili. \uc0{\u8220}Mimi? Aah mimi ni nani?\uc0{\u8221} me? Who am I? I said in Swahili. I was sweating all over, my heart rate was so high she feared I might collapse at her doorstep. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b She closed the door and I started to walk away in shame. I heard someone opening the door again and I prayed that it was her. To my surprise it was her stepmother again, she called me back and handed me a glass of water and she started to talk \uc0{\u8220}Are you Majun?\uc0{\u8221} she asked \uc0{\u8220}Yes, I am Majun. Jones Majun\uc0{\u8221} I said as I sipped water. \uc0{\u8220}I saw your name on Terry\uc0{\u8217}s diary\uc0{\u8221} She paused and looked back inside again as if to confirm something, and she continued \uc0{\u8220}Let me take a guess, you are here to see Terry?\uc0{\u8221} she pulled her bra up, \uc0{\u8220}Yes, she had told me to come here and pick a bracelet,\uc0{\u8221} I said. \uc0{\u8220}Terry is not around she has been taken by her father to the village and I don\uc0{\u8217}t know when she will be back. So, don\uc0{\u8217}t ask me if I know when she will be back.\uc0{\u8221} It was at this time Mr. Kuria\uc0{\u8217}s words hit me \uc0{\u8220}After the last paper you will see her again\uc0{\u8221} I was heartbroken but not sad at all, I consoled myself even though I was disheartened. \uc0{\u8220}She was not mine. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t confess to her how I felt.\uc0{\u8221} Of the months we spent together I discovered a new feeling, a new entity within me, because she loved me. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b I walked away imagining her staring at me on the window as I walked away. I imagined her in every scenario as I retreated myself. It was one of the hardest things that struck my heart. As from that I never saw Terry again.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b I have never been a believer in love but this girl made me a worshipper, one thing I did realize is that with everything created in this world, love was created to neutralize everything. Even though life hurts so bad love will always be there to remind you of greater things. My love was wrecked when I lost Terry, so, when you find her, please tell her I still love her. \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}