{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy03\hr17\min46\sec21}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy03\hr17\min46\sec21}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My elder sister, Nambewe had been living with her partner, the father of her children, for five years. During this time, they built a company together and had two kids. Recently, however, he told her that he no longer loved her. To her shock, my sister discovered he was seeing another woman. He flaunted this relationship by letting the woman use their car and even renting a house for her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sister discovered his infidelity through his phone, and when she confronted him, he defended the woman and angrily told her not to ask questions about her. They had been dating for ten months, and he no longer seemed to care about their little family. Shockingly, he even asked Nambewe to leave with their 4-year-old son and 1-month-old baby.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sister tried contacting the woman he was seeing, but she insulted her and promised to disrespect her further. Despite his denials, when his mother and closest friend questioned him about the secret relationship in March, he claimed he didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what drove him to it blaming evil spirits. Yet, a month later, he still hadn\uc0{\u8217}t stopped paying rent for the woman.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 His older sister also contacted the woman, asking why she was allowing herself to be used as a homewrecker. The woman responded by saying, \uc0{\u8221}Tell your brother to end the relationship.\uc0{\u8221} To Nambewe\uc0{\u8217}s surprise, he chose to end things with her instead and chose the other woman over their kids and her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My sister struggled to understand what this woman could have done to turn him against their family. He had been making her feel crazy for the past ten months. Otherwise, he had been a good man and father. It was only after meeting this woman that he changed. She now had access to their company\uc0{\u8217}s information because of my sister\uc0{\u8217}s partner, which broke her heart since it took a lot of prayers and hard work to build it. My is heartbroken and confused, wondering how the man she once trusted could betray her and their family. Despite the pain, she knew she had to focus on her children and her own healing.}}\par
\sect
}