{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy24\hr18\min03\sec42}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy24\hr18\min03\sec42}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Who am I?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 am I the hidden tears in the darkest slice of night?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 or I am the loudest laugh followed by tears of happiness?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Am I the powerful empowering girl with contiguous positivity?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 or I am the depressed girl surrounded by the darkest cloud?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Am I a paradox?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A paradox of happiness and sadness, light and dark,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 but which one is me?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Am I a hypocrite? if not, then why my eyes don\uc0{\u8217}t smile when they are expected to,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why my rainbow color turns into gray when I walk by myself?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Am I depressed?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 If not, why I cry when I cook, when I eat, when I think, when I\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 did I abandon the tears for a long time?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 is it the reason for this urge to overflow?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We cry only for sad things I should remind this to myself,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 cooking is not sad, neither is eating\uc0{\u8230} but am I?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Did I become the grief itself?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Or am I happiness?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 If not, then why everything seems beautiful?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 why I take pictures of sky?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why my eyes shine by seeing the simplest beauty on earth?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why I am excited for spring to begin,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 and a flower blooms inside me when I meet my friends,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Who am I?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Am I lost? I am at the strangest road of my life,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 nothing looks familiar here,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 not even the single flower vase on a window of apartment,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I see no directions but I have to take a step,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But am I really lost? What if I am just founded after years of being lost?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What if this road is the road to home that I forgot?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 home\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Am I just missing home?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 How I can miss something that I can\uc0{\u8217}t remember?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Have I ever been there? Is it somewhere on this earth?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No, home should be somewhere beyond the earth,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 somewhere that my soul badly wants to fly to}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 and leave this heavy body behind,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Home should feel like a hug,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 a hug that I will have my last cry while holding to it,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 yes, I feel homesick,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 for a home that I can\uc0{\u8217}t remember but my soul does,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This lingering inside me tells all about it,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 These unreasonable tears maybe are not just unreasonable,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 maybe they just remember what I don\uc0{\u8217}t,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 so will I be able to know who am I}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 when my body becomes dust and my soul flies home?}}\par
\sect
}