{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo04\dy13\hr14\min16\sec40}{\revtim \yr2024\mo04\dy13\hr14\min16\sec40}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Everyone at the round table was anxious. But not Jose! He was sitting at the centre, smiling. It was far from a friendly smile, and everyone present knew. The table was filled with platters filled with all sorts of delicacies and meat. Lamb, pork, turkey & chicken all on one big platter .There was one smaller platter with a gourmet burger. It was for Jose, even against the orders by doctors to steer away from \uc0{\u8221}junk food\uc0{\u8221}, good old Jose still loved that burger.But not at this moment. Jose had caught wind of information someone had leaked information to the press, regarding his plan to acquire his rival mobile telecommunication company, DubzStar. And most of his cohorts were against the idea but noone wanted to go fully against him. Going against Jose was like an abomination of epic proportions.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He went at around the table, confiscating cellphones of his guests present. \uc0{\u8221}We wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t want these buzzing pieces of tech disturb us, do we?\uc0{\u8221} They all handed him their phones albeit reluctantly. Jose then opened a bottle of champagne \uc0{\u8221}Gout de diamants.\uc0{\u8221} He stood up and started pouring for each & everyone present. He started with his COO, Michale Gregger, an engineer and expert in telecommunications and Jose\uc0{\u8217}s longest serving employee for Jose. He then went to Louisa Kaneris, the head of operations. A major in business management and she was her own version of wolf of Wall Street . She had spearheaded many acquisitions for JosCo (Jose-Communications). But she was one secretly against this acquisition as well. Next up were Jose\uc0{\u8217}s two sons Miguel and Enrique. The pair were both vying to take over the company when he retired. His son in law Enzo was also within. He was the least respected from the family, but didn\uc0{\u8217}t deter him from climbing up the corporate ladder. Now he was Operations manager, he had played his card well and now had a place at the head of the table. The Chief financial officer Mr Luger was there. Had wealth of experience, he was appointed years ago. When he had poured all out into their glasses, Jose called for a toast. \uc0{\u8221}To purchase DubzStar Network\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}To DubzStar\uc0{\u8221} they all mumbled in response as they all sipped the champagne from their glasses. Weirdly Jose was having water.He poured more champagne for his guests til the bottle was empty.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When he took a seat, he was looking them all suspiciously. \uc0{\u8221}Before we dig in, I just want you to be honest with me, you are my most trusted comrades, are you with me on this deal? An eerie silence filled the dining room for a moment. \uc0{\u8221}Umm dad, they are all lying to you, noone is really interested with the DubzStar acquisition. Michael is playing both sides, Louisa is feigning her interest, just to stay in your good graces, Enzo is going where the wind is, & Enrique has already contacted a few members of the DubzStar board so that they block the sale.\uc0{\u8221}You lying piece of thrash!\uc0{\u8221} Enrique quickly interjected.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221} Should I ask dad to check your phone? Yeah I thought as much\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Jose\uc0{\u8217}s face remained still, amidst all this chaos between his two sons. He then just looked at them and said. \uc0{\u8221} Good thing I\uc0{\u8217}m the CEO, and we pursuing this deal whether you clock- watching fucks like it or not!\uc0{\u8221} His voice authority reigned over the whole dining area -his surbodinates dared to look him in the eye\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Bone Appetit}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 !\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}