{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy29\hr16\min24\sec27}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy29\hr16\min24\sec27}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 WHO TO LOVE}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This is a story of one of my friend and her name is Naomie, she is a 23 year old girl who struggled on finding who to fall in love with, Naomie is a beautiful intelligent girl, hardworking and caring and kind, she came from a family of 7 people where 6 are boys and she is the only girl. Her brothers where always after her and it was not easy for any man to approached her. When she went back to the University of Kinshasa which is the capital city of Republic Democratic of Congo, for her third year program she was in the science department. Naomie\uc0{\u8217}s life was so perfect and she was a daddy\uc0{\u8217}s girl, her father could do anything for his daughter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She was always sitting in front and everyone could see and admire her beauty, after a week a new student walked in, his name was James he was handsome and every girl\uc0{\u8217}s eyes were on him but he was not interested. One day they had a project to do and it needed everyone to be in a pair of 2, so it happened that Naomie and James were paired together. James looked at Naomie and say I cannot continue with this project and I cannot be your pair, Naomie was sad and, why can\uc0{\u8217}t you pair with me she asked? James replied your beauty is making me lose focus and I think I am in love with you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Naomie responded, I have heard you but give me some time to think about it, James was so excited and happy, as time pass by James kept on waiting for Naomie\uc0{\u8216}s response, but it seems like her feelings were elsewhere, a certain morning James approached her and say why is it taking long for you to give me an answer you know that I am madly in love with you? She said I do not like you I have feelings for you}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To be continue.}}\par
\sect
}