{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy10\hr07\min27\sec26}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy10\hr07\min27\sec26}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Who will remember me?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is winter, freezing, snowing, and extremely cold. Overthinking and about to go mad}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I went to the bar. Glass after glass. Everything mixed: beer, wine, whisky, and weed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One after another. It was time to go back home. On the way back I was high and was}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 dizzy, and lost, my head was like an extra burden on my shoulders, and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 move it. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t feel too old or young, and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t understand what was happening}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 to me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When I got home, the place looked like hell, I fell on the floor. Couldn\uc0{\u8217}t get up. It was}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 dark around me and extremely cold in the heart of the night. The day before I wasn\uc0{\u8217}t}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 feeling anything, not good nor bad, something in between. Mixed both feelings. I}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what was happening. And I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know what was wrong with me, but I}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 was sure that something was going to happen to me. I never felt like this. Colder and}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 colder. My body is not mine anymore, I feel numb, I feel loose, and I feel like my}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 muscles are getting tighter and tighter, but when I look at them they are all right. It\uc0{\u8217}s}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 weird, so weird, oh my god please tell me what\uc0{\u8217}s happening to me, weird and}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 strange. No pain nor joy. I can\uc0{\u8217}t sleep or stay awake. The wall is coming closer, I feel}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 the tension, feel the pressure on my chest. The window is open and the wind blows}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 through the room, opening and closing the door at its own will. The wind hits my face}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 but it\uc0{\u8217}s neither warm nor cold. My eyes are moving around, my hands are numb. I am}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 touching the smooth surface of the floor but I feel like it\uc0{\u8217}s not smooth anymore.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am still shocked, remembering my grandmother talking about my grandpa\uc0{\u8217}s death.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She said, in the last moments when grandpa was passing away, he was lying on the}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 floor not moving, not sleeping, just staring at the ceiling. So do I. Grandpa was 85}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 years old when he passed away but I am just 26. The world is turning around my}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 head, I see my mother and my father, and I see the bad and the good just in front of my}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 eyes. Time to be a good man, but I\uc0{\u8217}m afraid there is no time left to be so.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s time, I know my death is not the end. It doesn\uc0{\u8217}t mean that life won\uc0{\u8217}t continue, but}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 it\uc0{\u8217}s more like a wave in the ocean, like the early morning breeze. It\uc0{\u8217}s moving me}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 forward; my eyes heavier and heavier. I know it\uc0{\u8217}s the end, but I don\uc0{\u8217}t want to go}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 without seeing my mother and kissing her hands for the last time. It\uc0{\u8217}s been 10 years}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 since I last saw her. At this last minute, I have no other wish, I just want to hug her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There is no time left to think. My eyes closed and my chest blocked. The dreams,}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 memories, goals, sins, isolations, pains, and endless sorrows all pass in front of my}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 eyes for the last time, and then my heart stops beating.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am like a candle that burns down now, and I see myself in another world. My life}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 was like a footprint in the sands, which will be removed in a blink of an eye\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Who will remember me? No one!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}