{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo09\dy11\hr16\min44\sec19}{\revtim \yr2022\mo09\dy11\hr16\min44\sec19}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b TITLE: Why as a Black journalist, I quote White experts mostly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 By Audrey Simango}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Dear reader, this is going to be the most controversial story I will probably ever write in my career.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I\uc0{\u8217}m a Black freelance writer and news reporter covering issues in South Africa where I live for most of the year. This is a place recently designated by the World Bank as the \uc0{\u8216}world\uc0{\u8217}s most unequal country. Now the debate on why writers/journalists cite mostly white experts, analysts, and commentators in their articles is so emotive from the UK to the US to South Africa. This is supported by data. Poynter revealed in December 2020: that US newsrooms are staffed with nearly 78% white journalists (male mostly), and quoted \uc0{\u8216}experts\uc0{\u8217}, \uc0{\u8216}commentators\uc0{\u8217}, and \uc0{\u8216}analysts\uc0{\u8217}, in the media are mostly White too. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It\uc0{\u8217}s worse here in South Africa where the majority of \uc0{\u8216}analysts\uc0{\u8217}, \uc0{\u8216}expert commentators\uc0{\u8217} on TV, in newspapers, or on the radio are White, especially on news coverage of \uc0{\u8216}prestigious\uc0{\u8217} topics like financial markets, diplomacy, and technology, cricket, biosciences or fashion. Black experts and commentators are mostly sourced for \uc0{\u8216}less glamorous\uc0{\u8217} topics like township crimes, or soccer. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Before readers cry, \uc0{\u8216}this is so unjust,\uc0{\u8217} I\uc0{\u8217}d like to say yes this is one of the enduring legacies of 100 years of Apartheid colonialism here in South Africa that it\uc0{\u8217}s mostly White \uc0{\u8216}commentators\uc0{\u8217} that are quoted by the media in a country where Blacks makes nearly 90% of the populations. So, yes dear reader, I too, as a writer, share your outrage.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But as they say, the truth is hardly white or black. The truth is nuanced. So, as a Black writer in South Africa, I\uc0{\u8217}d like to offer my \uc0{\u8216}truth\uc0{\u8217} on why we Black journalists/writers in South Africa end up using mostly white commentators for our stories. Important point: this is \uc0{\u8216}my truth\uc0{\u8217}, not the \uc0{\u8216}universal truth.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We don\uc0{\u8217}t usually feature Black South African \uc0{\u8216}experts\uc0{\u8217} in our news stories not because we don\uc0{\u8217}t respect Black experts, nor do we see them as less intellectual. It\uc0{\u8217}s not that and we don\uc0{\u8217}t have anything against Black \uc0{\u8216}experts\uc0{\u8217}, \uc0{\u8216}analysts\uc0{\u8217}, or \uc0{\u8216}commentators\uc0{\u8217}. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 What happens behind the scenes is that each time, I\uc0{\u8217}m searching for an expert analyst to enrich a story in South Africa that I am working on, I first email Black professors and Black South African academics whose emails and expertise are listed on the websites of South African universities, corporations or public bodies. It\uc0{\u8217}s a matter of equity that as a writer I must first attempt to source Black analysts in a Black-majority country. Out of ten emails I sent, I usually receive zero to one response from Black South African academics. Because we journalists/writers work on strict deadlines, I then email white South African academics to solicit their opinions on a story I\uc0{\u8217}m working on. In just under 30 minutes, I usually receive replies from White South African academics who are eager and keen to appear in my story. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It is not that Black academics in South Africa ignore journalists/writers\uc0{\u8217} emails or are lazy to do so. The \uc0{\u8216}truth\uc0{\u8217} is neither black nor white as I said before. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 White university academics in South Africa easily agree to be media commentators on our stories because due to immense historical privilege they have studied abroad in Europe, Australia, and the US before returning home to lecture at universities in South Africa. The culture of academic freedom in the US and Western Europe is more developed than in South Africa. So, White South African academics are aware that a university professor can speak freely on the media or to a writer and is protected by \uc0{\u8216}academic\uc0{\u8217} freedom\uc0{\u8217} rights. Whereas Black people were only allowed to attend university in South Africa in 1994. The culture of \uc0{\u8216}academic freedom\uc0{\u8217} among Black South African academics is still taking root. Hence, a South African Black professor might think: \uc0{\u8220}If I speak to a freelance writer from the BBC or CNN criticizing my university curriculum or the country\uc0{\u8217}s minister of education, won\uc0{\u8217}t I face reprisals?\uc0{\u8221} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Unlike White South Africans, the prospect of losing a job for \uc0{\u8216}speaking out for Black South African academics is devastating. Black South Africans academics often have up to eight members of the extended family depending on their salary. To be dismissed from a job is to risk a grim future for a large extended family. Hence, off the record, they sometimes tell me: \uc0{\u8220}We don\uc0{\u8217}t usually speak on media, comment on your stories to avoid trouble.\uc0{\u8221} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Secondly, a big number of South African university academics are Black immigrants from other countries. With anti-Black foreigner xenophobia sweeping South Africa, Black academics always tell me that, to be seen on BBC or Sky News or speaking to any freelance writer like me and being a foreign academic at a South African university, criticizing one\uc0{\u8217}s employer, the South African government, this is an uncomfortable prospect. \uc0{\u8220}Hence we keep quiet though we have strong opinions and desire to be quoted in your Newsweek or Buzzfeed articles,\uc0{\u8221} they tell me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This is why most works from South Africa, written by Black freelance writers like me, end up quoting mostly White South African analysts, or expert commentators in a majority Black country. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The reasons are complex and as a Black writer, my feelings are so split that I mostly quote White experts for my stories. Dear reader, it\uc0{\u8217}s not easy on me too. }}\par
\sect
}