{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy01\hr21\min41\sec40}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy01\hr21\min41\sec40}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I am Zimbabwean. I am African. I come from a small city down on the East, the gateway to the Portuguese speaking land of Mozambique. My fellow countrymen refer to me as \uc0{\u8216}Wasu\uc0{\u8217} a slight dig to my accent. And no matter how successful I become in this life those remain facts and I do not want to pull a rant on facts like Rafa Benitez in January 2009 as the pressure coming from the relentless Manchester United was too much to handle for his Liverpool side trying to win their first Premier league title. These are the facts my people have subjugated for centuries by some external forces from the Northern hemisphere. We have suffered and a lot. As they came down here and claimed that this their home and changed my people\uc0{\u8217}s narrative altogether.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Our stories were wiped as they were rewritten some of them so they would appear a hapless people who were supposed to be eternally indebted to them. It seemed way too convenient for them and it worked to a tee, our stories were erased and our voices thrashed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But is that feasible? Definitely not, a thousand of people cannot really subject millions to their whims for all eternity. That is not impossible and gradually we persevered. We rose and fought for this is our home. Though some of brothers in arms who fought with us are also failing us. (I do not want to open that can of worms today maybe later.) We came together and claimed what is ours, our homeland, the land of my forefathers. At least if my body and soul were existent during those difficult period that\uc0{\u8217}s what I would have uttered boldly. Maybe I was there and I am just now the fierce reincarnation.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The resilience was too much for them though still maintaining their selfish and malicious grip on us in other ways probably more devastating than the deplorable brute force back in the day. Now championing human rights left, right and centre and we are still stuck in poverty. They have ensured we are dependent on them, the masters of wealth \uc0{\u8211} the Bourgeoisie.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And this why I write, this is my calling. To narrate all these stories unequivocally. To come up with a unique conflation of the past and the present to see what the future holds for us. We should be masters for our narrative\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}