{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy16\hr22\min38\sec28}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy16\hr22\min38\sec28}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar \ql{{\cf0\f0 I had a problem, it took me time to accept and realize that. I was just too much soft hearted, too pure, too innocent, and too stupid as well. I used to take things to my heart, even the tiniest bit of it. And I used to let everyone affect me, their words used to pinch me. Even the tone of their voices used to ruin my mood.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I am being ignored? Did I do anything wrong? Have they replaced me? Do I still matter to them? Why didn\uc0{\u8217}t they invite me? Why did they go quiet when I suddenly entered the room?\uc0{\u8221} These were the thoughts that used to haunt my peace. I was so fragile I tell you. Despite all that, I was still a happy and funny person. But those thoughts always used to be there, lingering around my shadow. And it made me a bitter person. I cried those dry tears, I screamed those mute screams. And I just kept burning in my soul without telling anyone, without fighting anyone. I was just so so kind.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 So I decided to change, I realized that keeping my heart so pure will make me suffer so much. I stopped using my heart and started using my brain. I smiled from the outside, laughed from the outside but not from my heart. I was done using my heart. Feelings ruin my peace especially when I feel too much and for so many people. So I don\uc0{\u8217}t give that power to people anymore.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}I know you, I talk to you but I don\uc0{\u8217}t feel you, you can\uc0{\u8217}t ruin my peace by saying mean things to me\uc0{\u8221} I often said that to myself to remind me of who I am whenever I felt weak.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I know you will change, I know you will go back on your words, I know you will break your promises, so I act in self defense, I create my boundaries, I put a fence around my heart. You call heartless, selfish, arrogant. But I don\uc0{\u8217}t care, I know my reasons, I know the peace I am earning. I know that my nights are lighter now and there\uc0{\u8217}s no burning regret in my life. So it\uc0{\u8217}s good, let me save my heart and emotions for a rare soul. A soul as pure as I was before, until then, please call me heartless.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}