{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy24\hr09\min22\sec40}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy24\hr09\min22\sec40}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Camila\uc0{\u8217}s wedding day had arrived and all the elders both from hers and her husband to be side were gathered waiting for her to come and take palm wine to her soon to be husband Victor. She was in her room dressing up and doing her makeup as her best friend Frida helped her out. She told Frida that she didn\uc0{\u8217}t like the way her hair was made. \uc0{\u8221}But your hair looks perfect my dear friend.\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217}Frida replied with so much excitement. She looked at Frida with so much uncertainty as if she didn\uc0{\u8217}t like what was going to happen and asked Frida to call her mother for her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From outside, the elders felt that she had taken a bit long to come out so they sent her mother inside the house to go and fetch her. The mother going inside bumped into Frida in the living room. \uc0{\u8221}Where\uc0{\u8217}s Camila?\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} Isn\uc0{\u8217}t she ready yet? We are all waiting for her.\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} Well, thank God you are here. She had asked me to call you and she\uc0{\u8217}s acting a bit strange.\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} Answered Frida. But she should be happy, today is her big day. Let me go and find out what\uc0{\u8217}s bothering her. Camila\uc0{\u8217}s mother replied as Frida followed her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She went into Camila\uc0{\u8217}s room and found when she had undressed from the wedding attire. \uc0{\u8221}Camila, what\uc0{\u8217}s happening here. Why are you not in your wedding attire till now?\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} Camila\uc0{\u8217}s mother, who was so confused, asked. \uc0{\u8221}Am not getting married anymore mother.\uc0{\u8217}\uc0{\u8217} Said Camila who was looking so determined. Did you just say you are not going to get married? Yes and that\uc0{\u8217}s final. It\uc0{\u8217}s my life and I am not getting married. Could you please explain why you are no longer going to get married yet you\uc0{\u8217}re the one who introduced him as your future husband and now that he wants to marry you. You are telling me you are not going to get married. My enemies have succeeded today. I can\uc0{\u8217}t believe this. What do you want me to go and tell the elders outside? Go and tell them the truth. I am not getting married. I changed my mind. Okay since you want to bring this family to shame. I will go and break the news to everybody outside. I hope you don\uc0{\u8217}t regret your decision later. Camila\uc0{\u8217}s mother, who was so furious, went outside the house to let everyone know that her daughter had refused to get married. The groom\uc0{\u8217}s family was so disappointed that they wanted to leave their home. That\uc0{\u8217}s when Camila\uc0{\u8217}s uncle her father\uc0{\u8217}s brother Joshua thought of an idea to bring his younger sister Kimberly to marry the groom since it is bad luck in the acholi culture for the groom to be left by his wife to be on their wedding day. This is because it follows him for the rest of his life and he may never get married again. Kimberly, who was brought in to save the situation, found Victor attractive so she agreed to marry him. They got married and left for the city. Nobody in the family knew why Camila refused to get married to victor on that day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}