{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo12\dy07\hr19\min33\sec27}{\revtim \yr2022\mo12\dy07\hr19\min33\sec27}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0\b Why were you laughing when you shot me?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sara braided her hair and put it behind her head, drew her eye line very carefully and winked at herself in the mirror and sent a kiss to herself, put her head out of the window and told her boyfriend who was waiting for her at the door, wait five minutes, I\uc0{\u8217}ll come.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She picked up her bag and ran out of her room. She hugged her mom who was sitting on the sofa and said in her ear: \uc0{\u8221}I love my little mom. I\uc0{\u8217}m going to university, then to school from there. I might come back late at night, don\uc0{\u8217}t worry about me, I\uc0{\u8217}ll return with Hamid\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Her mom looked at her with a smile and kissed her eyes as usual and said: \uc0{\u8221}Take care my dear. There is a demonstration outside. These ruthless policemen have no conscience, they are beating everyone.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sara laughed and answered as she walked towards the door: \uc0{\u8221}Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry mom, I\uc0{\u8217}m not going to protest.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She closed the door behind her and said to Hamid who was grumbling that \uc0{\u8220}you always wake up late\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Don\uc0{\u8217}t grumble! Arriving late is better than arriving without eyeliner.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They both looked at each other and laughed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sara got into the car and played her favorite song and sang with that on the way. Half an hour later, Hamid parked the car in front of the university and said: \uc0{\u8221}Goodbye. Take care of yourself. If the university protests and becomes crowded, let me know and I will come for you. Keep me informed.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They hurriedly kissed each other and Sara got off and went to the university.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The atmosphere of the college was strictly military. As in the last two months, the number of policemen in the university was more than the students, and as soon as a gathering of more than four or five people formed in a corner of the university, they attacked them to disperse.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Anger was bubbling inside her, but she could not join the protesting students. After the death of her father, she was the only person her mother had and if something happened to her, she was sure that her mother would not be able to bear it. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t want anything bad to happen to her mother, but the thought of not being able to shout and protest for her rights made her sad and angry. While pressing her lips together in anger, she cast an angry\uc0{\u160} look at a group of Basijis and went to her class.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Like all the other classes, her classmates were sitting out and not going to class. She went and took a look inside the class and grinned at the professor and the only student who was ready to attend the class. Then returned to her classmate. With a voice shaking with anger, Sara said to her best friend, Neda : \uc0{\u8221}I can\uc0{\u8217}t stay here. I promised my mom that I won\uc0{\u8217}t chant or enter protests. I get nervous when I see these bitches and I can\uc0{\u8217}t do anything.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Neda, who was also angry with the security and tense atmosphere of the university, said: \uc0{\u8221}I\uc0{\u8217}m coming too, I want to participate in the demonstration in the street, I\uc0{\u8217}m afraid that they will kill us like Sharif University, we have no escape in the closed university. I prefer to protest in the street than to be arrested and killed in the university.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 While they were talking about the protests these days, as they walked towards the exit of the university, Neda, who was about to burst into tears, said: \uc0{\u8221}Did you know that my boyfriend was also arrested? Yesterday they attacked their dormitory and arrested twenty of the students. Amir was also among those who were arrested.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She started to cry and continued: \uc0{\u8221}We haven\uc0{\u8217}t heard from him since they took him yesterday, we don\uc0{\u8217}t even know where he is, I\uc0{\u8217}m dying of grief. Sara, what if something bad happens to him?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sara, who was shocked to hear the news of Amir\uc0{\u8217}s arrest, tried not to lose herself and not to scare Neda even more, she put her hand around Neda\uc0{\u8217}s shoulder and said in the most encouraging tone she could: \uc0{\u8221}Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry, he will call you and he will be released soon.\uc0{\u8221} But she also knew that many people were arrested and now after two months there is still no news about them and no one even knows if they are alive or dead.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Neda was shaking from sobbing, said: \uc0{\u8221}I read a news today, it was written (detainees were raped in the detention center) Sara I\uc0{\u8217}m afraid\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221} She could not finish her sentence and only cried louder.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sara was also worried by Neda\uc0{\u8217}s words. She knew that the story of rapes is real and that many political detainees, both men and women, have been raped in the prisons of the Islamic Republic. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t even want to think about it. She couldn\uc0{\u8217}t even imagine how Neda was feeling.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Reading this news was scary and terrifying enough, now the thought of this happening to one of the dearest people in your life can drive you to the brink of madness.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When they reached the exit of the university, Neda wiped her tears and said: \uc0{\u8221}When they told me that he was arrested, I promised myself that I would turn my frustrations into anger, fuel my anger to burn these dishonest regime who robbed us of our childhood and youth. They took our love, they took our lives. I promised myself that I would protest every day. I would scream as loud as I could every day, I would do everything in my power so that these monsters can no longer make any family mourn, they can no longer make anyone cry.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She turned and hugged Sara tightly and said: \uc0{\u8221}Thank you for listening to me. I hadn\uc0{\u8217}t talked to anyone since yesterday, I was bursting with grief. So see you later\uc0{\u8221} She turned and waved to Sara and left.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sara wanted to go home but she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t, she could see that Neda was not well and she was afraid to put herself in danger with the amount of anger she saw in her eyes, finally she decided to go with her, Neda was her best friend and she couldn\uc0{\u8217}t leave her alone.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 She ran after her saying: \uc0{\u8221}Neda\uc0{\u8230}Neda\uc0{\u8230} Wait, I\uc0{\u8217}ll come with you\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then they went together to the place where the gathering call was given.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 About an hour later, they arrived at the protest site. The sound of people\uc0{\u8217}s slogans and repressive bullets are coming from all sides. The smoke of the tear gas that was fired at the people was mixed with the smoke of the fires that the people had lit to neutralize the tear gas, and the visibility became less and less.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 People chanted, screamed, and became more angry with each attack of the repression forces. The police were shooting at the people, but the people were incredibly brave. They were fighting with their bare hands against the police who had come to the streets with all their military equipment to suppress the people of the country.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Sara turned her head and realized that Neda was not next to her. They lost each other. She started looking for Neda between the smoke and the crowd. \uc0{\u8221}Neda?\uc0{\u8230}Neda?\uc0{\u8230}\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Suddenly, her eyes locked on the smiling face of the policeman who was pointing his gun at her. The sound of the bullet was accompanied by severe pain in her face, and she fainted from the pain.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When she opened her eyes, she was in the hospital. She lost her right eye due to a bullet. Her mother, Hamid and Neda were in the room with their faces wet with tears.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But Sara was just angry. The laugh of the person who had shot her was imprinted in the absolute darkness behind her right eye. She desperately wanted to find the person who shot her in the eye and tell him: \uc0{\u8221}Hi, I\uc0{\u8217}m Sara. I have a question, why were you laughing when you shot me?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {}\par
{\cf0\f0 The characters of the story are completely fictional, but the events described in this story are real narratives of the events that took place in Iran in 2022.The last quote of the story \uc0{\u8221}Hi, I\uc0{\u8217}m Sara. I have a question. Why were you laughing when you shot me?\uc0{\u8221} is from one of the victims of the crimes of the Islamic Republic named Ghazal Ranjkesh, who was shot and lost her right eye while returning home from work.}\par
\sect
}