{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo04\dy17\hr13\min51\sec27}{\revtim \yr2023\mo04\dy17\hr13\min51\sec27}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 http://Freshta0: You put your hand in your left pocket, which had nothing to buy oranges with, and it makes you crumple every day. You are still thinking about oranges and everything related to oranges. To the orange that you picked up from the map, that was inside the coolbox that your mother had put on the top of the cupboard that Yalda and Lida\uc0{\u8217}s hands wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t reach and keep so that the bones that a building broke in Mashhad by throwing it on the ground from your father will mend sooner and can go to work sooner, and you gave that orange with books to Tamim to read, the father that Iran could live with him more than you, there was unemployment in Afghanistan and he was emigrating to Iran, Mashhad to work and send you money to live, to study, you think about the orange open head tricyle near the public library of Herat, where you had seen professor Afsanah Vahidyar a few steps away from it that day and decided to make up for the absence of your English class the night and after buying two kilos of oranges with your own money,\uc0{\u160} and in a hurry you ran away. You had reached Ms. Vahidyar. That day was busier than any Wednesday. Ms. Niksir, Ms. Rajaei, Mr. Monir, the lovable Hazara guys of Gabriel, and many other poet, writers and University professors you didn\uc0{\u8217}t even know, were came. Your teacher, Mr. Qadri, when he saw that you couldn\uc0{\u8217}t not to fall in love with poetry, smiled from the other side of the table and looked admiringly. From those smiles and compliments that he gave to Atefeh every time and you were jealous in your heart even though you loved Atefeh. And then you received that smile, that looks like chocolate in the hot sun under the tent of the sixth class \uc0{\u8221}B\uc0{\u8221}, between that terrible smell that was a combination of plastic on your head with the UNICEF mark and the forty kinds of sweat and perfume of your teacher, by Adele Jan Your English teacher had won an award and you were so excited that you forgot to take the evaluation book in the office and threw yourself into the arms of your father, whose tricycle was waiting for the teachers and girls from the sixth to the twelfth grades to take them to their homes. You had proudly shown your father the chocolate and your report cards that shone with a hundred marks. He had kissed you and he had taken you for half the day without thinking about work, and you had eaten Ice cream with an indescribable passion in the Four Seasons ice cream shop, which had not yet built a wall between men and women, between fathers and their daughters, between all those who were in love, and Like every year, your father had promised you that the next year you would get the first grade,\uc0{\u160} He will buy you a used laptop. You, however, used to arrange those scores and goals that you wrote in beautiful handwriting on your notebook and the steps you took to reach them brick by brick; He had raised your view,\uc0{\u160} your hope, and your expectation. And you had taken a selfie in your father\uc0{\u8217}s arms next to the Eiffel Tower in your mind, and you had made your father see himself touching the black stone in the Kaaba next to your mother and her mother, and he was excited and you were fucking excited. And in the end, the father had made you promise to hide your happiness until the time when he gets his contract money from the student girls and you come to the family to eat ice cream so that Yalda and Lida don\uc0{\u8217}t complain that they want Shirikh and Farhanaz gets upset because and says that you love Freshta more Likes. You said with the pride that you tried to hide and that showed itself in the sparkle of your eyes and your laugh that the money of Ice cream is with you next time, and he hugged you and your father again and put your head on his chest and you knew that he was praying that your hard work would pay off one day. And you said Amen from the bottom of your heart. You knew that every time the kindness of the father\uc0{\u8217}s breath crawls into your hair, he is praying. And then, staring at you with a younger face than ever, he held out his hand and said: \uc0{\u8221}Accept! If that\uc0{\u8217}s the case, I\uc0{\u8217}ll bring you every month and I won\uc0{\u8217}t charge you any rent.\uc0{\u8221} And he had laughed and you had laughed. You had put your hand in his hand and said: \uc0{\u8221}Accept!\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\sect
}