{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy25\hr05\min45\sec39}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy25\hr05\min45\sec39}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In Mahalape, where we lived, seeing someone with a glow on their face would attract the question, \uc0{\u8220}are you eating grapes.\uc0{\u8221} This was because being able to have the luxury of eating the fruit meant that you had enough buying power which was equal to being able to afford a good life. I was happy and well taken cared of. Uncle Tom, who I now referred to as baby or call him by his first name would wake up and make be breakfast every morning. I would be sleeping busy dreaming of me sinking in mud or trying to drown in water before the scent of fried eggs and roasted toast arouses me from the scary experiences. I would not waste anytime to think about what the dreams meant. Were they be a warning about the future? Not so likely basing on the paradise that I had found myself into.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}I could not imagine any single day the bond between Tom and I would be broken. We were like two souls tied together on a tree standing at a very small island in the middle of a big river. We were each other\uc0{\u8217}s support such that should any one want to leave, they would drown anyway or pull the other along with them.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I don\uc0{\u8217}t want you to overwork yourself considering the baby is about to come. Just let me take care of you. You deserve the best for bringing my little shumba to this world. One who would carry over my businesses and legacy.\uc0{\u8221} Shumba, which means lion, was his totem that he was very much proud of. His house was full of portraits of lions and animal skins he had traded through his drug business. He would always say that he wanted a dried lion head sitting at the front of his gate. Obviously not one would dare touch it, let alone try and steal it. His gang was feared and respected by the community. They loved them for protecting the neighborhood from thieves as the gang would regard it as an invasion into their territories. During my morning chores, I would gossip with the other women around who would be surprised at me talking about how sweet and gentle my husband was. To them it was gomo risina ukwiriko meaning a mountain that cannot be climbed. To them he was unapproachable and they had told me some of the atrocities his gang had done which caused all the terror ripples in the community. They took matters into their own hands and seemed like the gang also had syndicates in the police because none of them was ever arrested. At some point a thief was caught trying to steal from one of Tom\uc0{\u8217}s gang members. He was put behind a raving smoking bus and made to inhale the carbon for a long time before he was beaten almost to death. He was rescued by police and sent to the hospital and the members of the gang were seen roaming about the next day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 These reports did not frighten me. He was a different person at home. Having initially seen him at home, one\uc0{\u8217}s impression would be that the whole community is mistaken. I had the privilege of having a baby shower party and gender reveal ceremony arranged for me. Each morning during our gossip shows, the other housewives would remind me of how lucky I was.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}I wish there was a place where we could go and do swap and top of husbands. Mine is very useless. He can\uc0{\u8217}t even take care of me with one child when I give birth. Other men have nothing to boast about other than having their gender written on the toilet.\uc0{\u8221} Said a mai Manu as she wished to have been married to someone different from her husband. Uncle Tom would eventually be the example sought after at the end of each conversation. I won\uc0{\u8217}t deny, the man treated me like a gem.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was another hot afternoon as I had been taking my routine walk. I suddenly felt water gushing out of my womanhood spoiling my legs. I had been taught by other women of the different ways it would start but had expected that it would give me a warning. Shortly after I began perceiving some cyclical pains on the lower part of my belly. As I could spot no one close by, I dragged my feet back into the house and phoned Tom who was there in no time.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}What happened?\uc0{\u8221} He asked frantically as I had sounded told him to come home as quick as he could.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} The baby.\uc0{\u8221} I replied.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Do you have everything you need?\uc0{\u8221}\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I had a bag of essentials already packed which I directed him to where it was. He rushed to the spare bedroom, grabbed it and came back as fast as he could. Tom always talked about the stories he had heard of women giving birth on their way to the hospitals with their children dying. He didn\uc0{\u8217}t want this for his shumba. He held my right hand and slowly helped me to the car where he closed the door after settling me comfortably in the back. I didn\uc0{\u8217}t even notice the distance to the clinic as the stomach pains kept on increasing. On arrival at Milton maternity centre, we were helped by a nurse and paramedic who led us to the labor ward, a decent room with small cubicles where I was asked to change into hospital clothes before settling down on the bed. At this time I felt confused, in pain oblivious to what was going on around me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u8220} Don\uc0{\u8217}t worry we need to give her time. First time mothers usually take long,\uc0{\u8221} said a voice I could hear distantly.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Hours passed and still no baby came. I started to become frightened. Wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t my baby die if it stays there long ? Since the water sac broke, it could mean he no longer had oxygen inside the womb. After several extra hours without dilation of the birth canal, a doctor was called to scan me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220} The baby is now in distress and we need to act now or never. Prepare for cesarean section.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I became more frightened. This was the gift I had cherished for the previous months. The reason for Tom\uc0{\u8217}s happiness. Should I lose the baby, I did not know if I would be able to live another day. What did he mean by distress? I started shedding tears as a team of nurses wheeled my bed to the theater where the fate of my baby and probably my future was to be decided!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {}\par
\sect
}