{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo05\dy02\hr23\min43\sec16}{\revtim \yr2023\mo05\dy02\hr23\min43\sec16}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Will the sun rise 2}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Slowly I was losing the energy to wake up with each rising sun. My youthfulness was slowly slipping off my fingers. I felt like a sixty year old woman abandoned by her children and waiting for fate to decide her end whilst living in a wooden shack full of termites. Each morning I would only manage to leave the house, buy a bundle of vegetables and tomatoes and return to the flat to fight the effects of malnourishment that were slowly creeping in.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One day as I was going about my usual routine I heard a whistle from someone at the Zimex base. Like everyday, I never looked in that direction each time I passed that \uc0{\u8220}abyss\uc0{\u8221} along the road. This was a place where the street drug dealers used to spend their days drowning their sorrows in bronchlear, alcohol and marijuana. I too had sorrows. Sorrows for which I could not find a solution to. Maybe this was my redemption.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Hey beautiful!\uc0{\u8221} Yelled one of the guys. \uc0{\u8220} Mind if we can have a minute?\uc0{\u8221} }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 For a moment I decided to ignore but I slowly started to lose my step and eventually looked in his direction. He made a jog towards me and we started to talk. For the first time in a while I was so engraved in a conversation and laughing all the way through. He really had a way to lighten me up. I had missed this feeling. I liked him instantly.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}By the way, call me Uncle Tom. You can find me here anytime,\uc0{\u8221} he said as I walked away towards my vegetable street vendor which was close by.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Seeing Uncle Tom became very addictive. What we had was the only positive thing happening in my life and I was ready to guard it. I even decided to take it further. Shortly after, our relationship became sexual. He even introduced me to drugs. At first I was scared at what I was doing. If my aunt was going to come back anytime and find out what I had indulged into, it would probably be the last day I would breathe. Another thought would tell me that I was a grown and independent woman. I decided to go with the latter.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Being in a relationship with Uncle Tom meant I had no need for buying the drugs. They would just be given to me for free whenever I wanted them. They had a very good way of numbing my pain and making me forget who I was. I hated my old self and this was offering me a new way with a community of people who loved me and never judged the person who I was.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 After days of morning sickness and vomiting now and then, I decided to take a pregnancy test. I was pregnant by Uncle Tom. Scared to find out how he would react I decided to keep the secret to myself. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8220}Why are you looking all emotional today,\uc0{\u8221} he asked. \uc0{\u8220}Don\uc0{\u8217}t act like a pregnant woman or soothe,\uc0{\u8221} said his follow up statement.He had expressed to me that he did not like girls who fall pregnant for him to trap him. I slowly began to realize the dilemma that I was in. I had to tell him. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t fight these demons alone anymore!}}\par
\sect
}