{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo01\dy08\hr17\min53\sec33}{\revtim \yr2023\mo01\dy08\hr17\min53\sec33}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Wished Mamma Was Still Alive}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I remember how I used to say no whenever my mother would send me to do anything for her. I used to think as if she was disturbing me and making my life difficult but I wish she was here now so that I would apologize to her. As a child, I used to think that I was not supposed to do anything until I turn 18 years of age. My mother never allowed such a thing to happen but rather, she kept pushing me and if there was a need to be whipped, she would do it until I do what she wants.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As a single mother of 5 children, I saw that my mother had a reason why she trained me to learn how to work because it is what made me become who I am today. Whenever my children are disrespecting me, I see that it is abnormal and I need to act right away. If my mother would raise me according to how I wanted it, I could be seen as if disrespectfulness from my children is normal. As of now, I believe that the lessons I got from my mother when I was little, are the same lessons that I will continue to use in order to raise my children in a positive manner.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I take my mother as a role model to me. I wished she was here to thank her but she died too soon and I am unable and will never have a chance to thank her for the great work she did to raise me. I believe that where she is now, she will be able to hear my heart and what I am wishing for. May her soul will be able to smile and keep resting in paradise. Only mountains do not meet but I believe souls do meet. Till we meet again in heaven my lovely mamma\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}