{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo03\dy03\hr11\min38\sec38}{\revtim \yr2023\mo03\dy03\hr11\min38\sec38}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Agreeing to meet up with him was the worst mistake I could made done. Instead of us going to the beach where he told me that we would be going. He took me to one of his building that was in a remote area. We entered the building, few minutes later, he left the building claiming that he was going to get us what to eat. I waited anxiously for about an hour and he wasn\uc0{\u8217}t yet back. Looking outside through the window and I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see his car yet. I went to the door and tried to open it. But it seems the door was locked from the outside. I became so scared, being in that big house for almost two hours now. I was so frightened, I was feeling so safocated and felt like I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t breathe anymore. I remembered that I had moved with a phone. On checking, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t find it anywhere around the house. That\uc0{\u8217}s when I realized that I had left my phone in the car. I became even more scared to the point that I started banging the door and yelling. But I bet no one could hear me since I was in a remote control. I checked through the fridge in the apartment because I wanted some water, I got so surprised on seeing that the fridge was stocked. That could only mean that David intended to leave me there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Three days had passed and there was still no sign of David. I had cried to the point that I was now too exhausted to cry anymore. And I had yelled to the point that my voice couldn\uc0{\u8217}t be heard anymore. That night, I had finally fallen asleep when I felt a touch on my body.\uc0{\u160} I opened my eyes and saw that it was David my best friend\uc0{\u8217}s father. I started begging him to take me home. I told him that my mother and his daughter Sarah must be\uc0{\u160} worried sick about me.\uc0{\u160} He told me not to worry and that he had everything under control. He forced himself on me. One month had passed by and it was hell for me. This man kept on forcing himself on me and beating me up. I was disgusted, exhausted, and filled with hate. I think at that point I could even kill a person even though I was just fifteen years. He never slept over, he would rape me, beat me up and leave me there locked up. That disgusting man told me that my crying would always turn him. I wondered which type of a cruel person this man was. I wished I never met him at all. A month felt like ten years in that hell of an apartment. I tried escaping several times but failed. He said no one missed me and no one would believe me even if I escape because after all he was a prominent man in town and that he had a lot of connections. After failing on my several attempts. I decided to play along with him. It was the only way for me to get out of there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To be continued.}}\par
\sect
}