{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2023\mo06\dy08\hr19\min51\sec47}{\revtim \yr2023\mo06\dy08\hr19\min51\sec47}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Introduction}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As a social being, women should have a superior position in human society; Because it has a special place in terms of creation. This sensitive and understanding being has been an active being in all periods of life.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 First of all, a woman is a human being, secondly, a woman is a guide and teacher for her family, with the progress of society, her guidance has become universal and she stands next to a man and is his helper. A girl stands next to her father and brother, a woman stands next to her husband and her children, ready to sacrifice her life. If we refer to the distant past, we will get to know this selfless creature more and better, as in the period of the early commune, women fought problems alongside men, and obtained food. They fought with predatory animals, raised children and tried in some way for the survival of the generation. They fought in the trenches in their tribal wars and against the aggression of foreigners; But unfortunately, they did not have value and importance in the eyes of men and were subjected to violence. With the advent of Islam, the status of women rose and women were saved from being buried alive, but this patriarchy and misogyny was unfortunately created and planted in the institution of men and did not change as it should, although in the Holy Quran many times for It has been emphasized that men value and respect women, and even where men are mentioned, women are also mentioned. It has been given and their help and equality has been talked about.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 why woman?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why do we all think about this creature today? The reason is clear and obvious; Because everything that is placed in isolation becomes questionable and every creature that is pushed aside becomes a cry and is slowly heard.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They pushed the woman aside, unaware of the fact that pushing it aside is detrimental to men, unaware of the fact that not only the work of men is no longer fruitful, but the roots of men will dry up, they will be destroyed and their soil will be left to the wind. Today, women are removed from the society without knowing that tomorrow she will return stronger. Nietzsche says well: \uc0{\u8221}Whatever does not kill me, makes me stronger.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But where did this misogyny come from? From the old selfish tribes. The more illiteracy and illiteracy of men increases, the deprivation of women increases and the more selfishness and superiority seeking of men increases, the misery of women increases more and more.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The rejection of women in our society is the cowardice of men!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In all societies, men ignore the contribution of women, men are monogamous, men have a sense of superiority and this sense will destroy them. God has given many rights to women, the right to have a better life, the right to comfort, the right to freedom, the right to choose, etc.; But these rights are denied and ignored in different ways in different societies. I will not deviate from the goal and the goal is the women of Afghanistan and their removal from the society. And here the types of violence and its reasons will be clarified and their miserable life will be discussed. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Women and social value}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 First of all, a woman is a human being, a woman is a woman, a woman has a kind heart, a woman completes society and shapes life. Why did the merciful God create a woman as a mother? because he gave him the power of education. God made Maryam the mother of Jesus without a husband; because he wanted to show men that a woman can become a mother alone; But a man alone is not a father. A woman is a teacher who teaches a society to live. We have successful doctors, successful engineers, successful lawyers and\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The position of women in Afghanistan}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As a human being, woman has a special position equal to man in creation. A woman cannot be considered a separate entity from human society. As mentioned, the position of women in Afghanistan is the main goal of this work. Unfortunately, in Afghanistan, women do not have a special position that they should have. If we have an opinion about the past, even the distant past, this creation of God did not have freedom and does not have it. From the time when Rabia Balkhi was stabbed and died by her brother for the crime of falling in love, until the later periods of history, especially from the 17th century, the prosperity of the Pashtuns, violence against Ren begins. During the republican period and before that, we are facing patriarchy. Violation of women\uc0{\u8217}s rights, from government offices to private work environments, to families, all express patriarchy in this society. In our society, women have always borne the heavy burden of pain and suffering; They worked while they were on the sidelines, they taught while they were rejected. The obtained percentages show that 10% of the heads of government departments were women and the rest were men. From the presidency to the lowest offices, heavy and tiring work has always been on women\uc0{\u8217}s shoulders, women had to be on time until the end of work time, while men are always late to work and They would leave the workplace early. In universities, women\uc0{\u8217}s rights were always trampled; Most academic activities were carried out by women, and administrative work was also done by women. This issue is obvious today, that in the absence of women, the work in these departments and universities has reached the minimum level. }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 If we pass the republic, we will reach the Taliban period, a period that is violent and painful. A period that has become known as misogyny. The Taliban are the ones who progressed with oppression and struggle, and it seems that their food is the blood of the society and that\uc0{\u8217}s it. Women are fed up in this period; Because they are tortured more than men, mental and physical tortures.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Difficulties in the way of women}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Why do women face problems?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Because the Talib is a man and the Talib is a fanatic, illiterate, selfish, hard-working, bread-and-butter servant of other countries. The Taliban government or, according to themselves, the Islamic Emirate, is an absolute misogynistic government.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Taliban violated everything, they do not adhere to religion or social ethics. They engage in all kinds of betrayal to eliminate women. They closed schools and locked universities and educational centers. When the work has been extended to close all the doors, there is no more glory and complaints about women\uc0{\u8217}s workplace and the non-acceptance of women in the society remains. In this case, the woman faces acute emotional problems, on the one hand, the unemployed husband and on the other hand, herself. Here, I am referring to all kinds of problems: the Taliban violated everything, they do not adhere to religion, nor to social ethics. They engage in all kinds of betrayal to eliminate women. They closed schools and locked universities and educational centers. When the work has been extended to close all the doors, there is no more glory and complaints about women\uc0{\u8217}s workplace and the non-acceptance of women in the society remains. In this case, the woman faces acute emotional problems, on the one hand, the unemployed husband and on the other hand, herself. Here I am referring to the types of problems:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Financial problems}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Although in Afghanistan, in most cases, living expenses have been borne by men; Because the wage earners are no longer involved in the housework and only women carry out the housework; But due to the problems that are affecting these people more and more every day, women have also started working and they also work outside the house in addition to household chores. And they also face problems.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 1- Housekeeping problems:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In Afghanistan, when a family\uc0{\u8217}s economy weakens, first of all, the lady of the family is affected and suffers. The percentage of unemployment among the men of this country has increased with the arrival of the Taliban. Business has decreased, and food prices have increased as well.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Working men can be divided into four categories, those who cooperated with the government, those who were in the military, those who are engaged in foreign projects, and those who were self-employed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 People who were engaged in government work became unemployed with the arrival of the Taliban. Because a large number of government offices were removed and the people of the Taliban or the Emirate forces were transferred and some of them were relieved of duty under the pretext of cooperation with the Republic. Second, a number of men worked for the army and lived with a small income, and they also stayed at home. Third, a number of men who were busy working in foreign offices and projects, their work stopped when these offices were closed. Fourth, those who had freelance jobs, with the fall of the republic, their work has stopped. If we want to check, we will come to the conclusion that about 90% of men are unemployed, that the heavy burden of economic problems has fallen on the shoulders of women, because women are at home and have to prepare food and raise children. For example, when the man of the house is unemployed and has no money, his anger disturbs the peace of the house and the hearts of the women of the house are wounded.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 2- Job problems and non-acceptance in the workplace:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As said in the introduction; Women have been facing a lot of job problems for a long time, and these problems have been caused by men\uc0{\u8217}s unwise and prejudiced behavior. Men usually have characteristics, which have made them not accept women; For example, one of the characteristics of some men in the same family is not accepting the advances of their women, and this stems from the fact that men have always blamed women for living expenses. They are afraid that if the woman helps with the household expenses, there may come a day when she will blame the man, or there may not come a day when the man should thank his wife, which is unbearable for a man. Another characteristic of men is in offices and offices, in most cases, men do not accept a female boss, do not want a female deputy, and even fight with an active female employee, which is All of them work hand in hand, making the work space for one woman narrow until this other woman is fed up with this situation and leaves her job. But let\uc0{\u8217}s come to the violent period of the Taliban.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 political problems}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In Afghanistan, women are less involved in politics; But when politics turns into misogyny, women can be destroyed. I wanted to categorize the problems here:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 1- Prejudices resulting from ignorance: When ignorant people reach the government and have a lot of power, the arena is prepared for them and they do not hesitate to do anything in front of the people. The forces of the Emirate, due to their ignorance, do whatever is dictated to them, especially in front of women.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Women are facing various problems during this ominous Taliban era. First, academic and educational problems. With the arrival of the Taliban, schools and universities were closed to women, women no longer have the right to education. All the women have been removed from teaching jobs and the girls are far from knowledge and are in complete misery. It is the greatest violence that women do not enjoy their basic rights and without a doubt that today\uc0{\u8217}s uneducated and illiterate mothers cannot raise correct and efficient children, and this is a great and irreparable disaster.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 2- Woman and a tool for governing}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160} Women are taken captive to be recognized. Today, in order for other countries to recognize Afghanistan, these people are threatened and oppressed. On the other hand, in order to fulfill the wishes of their teachers (the elders of the emirate), they torture women to get credit. There are people whose goal is to expel women from the society, they commit such actions to discredit the religion, so that the world is told that Islam is a religion that is anti-feminist. Women are subjected to field trials in public and are whipped, raped and even killed. Lately, a number of women who were separated from their husbands during the republican period have been returned to their homes by force. Sean has become blacker than before.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Women and cultural problems}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Unfortunately, in third world countries, due to the lack of awareness, women are more prejudiced. The existence of bad customs and traditions among men in the society deprives women of their freedom and it is in several ways:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 1- Ancient customs and traditions: With the progress and evolution of humans, the oppression of women in Afghanistan has not progressed. Women in this country are suffering from cultural disturbances. Some men still rule and treat their women like slaves. Taliban behavior tortures women.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 2- Common misogyny: As it was said before, misogyny is prevalent throughout the history of Afghanistan. The men of this society do not accept women\uc0{\u8217}s progress and do not accept women as the head of an office or as a family advisor. With the arrival of the Taliban, this problem has become acute, women are not given the right to leave the house, and they are even prohibited from going to the doctor, going to work and education.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 3- Marriage: One of the problems affecting women is marriage, the forced marriages that girls experience as children is a bitter experience. Some girls are named someone\uc0{\u8217}s wife even when they are babies, and they are not allowed to comment on the age of the said girl. Some girls get married to older men before the legal age and they are sent to the house of fortune in exchange for money, which is only the share of the girl\uc0{\u8217}s father, and there they do not enjoy freedom and basic rights. They do hard work and having children is their main duty. Some of these girls die during childbirth; Because they get pregnant at a young age and give birth without medicine or a doctor.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 conclusion}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}\uc0{\u160} In conclusion:}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} In Afghanistan, women are not given importance, men are the leader of the society;}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Afghan women are deprived of lessons and education;}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Jobs that consider women as independent have been taken from women;}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Women do not have the right to comment on themselves and their families;}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Girls have to submit to forced marriages without asking;}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8211} Women bear the heavy burden of poverty.}}\par
\sect
}