{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo11\dy24\hr21\min13\sec22}{\revtim \yr2022\mo11\dy24\hr21\min13\sec22}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 There was an old man who had two daughters. Early mornings, he had to collect the garages from all houses and threw them in a big dustbin out of the city and he was so tired during nights. People paid him and they were living with the money that earned from his work. One day one of the old man\uc0{\u8217}s eye became red. It was burning and it hurt him a lot. The tears were coming from it and his eye could not see properly. He referred to the doctors and they prescribed him medicines but it got worst after using the eye drops and finally doctors had to sew one of his eyes.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The man was so helpless and disappointed but still he believed that there is a wisdom behind it. He wore a black sunglass and although it was really difficult for him, he continued collecting the garages. At home he always encouraged his daughters to study, serve for the society and help those who were in need while his daughters always felt ashamed because of their father\uc0{\u8217}s job since other girls and boys used to make fun of them at school or on the streets and called them the garbage man\uc0{\u8217}s daughters. They asked their father many times to leave his job and to do something else but the old man always told them that he is working and earn the money by his efforts at least he did not beg or rob someone to earn the money.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 When his second eye became red and he could not see properly, he went to the hospital but the doctor told him that they must do an operation on his eyes and it was so expensive too. He went to another hospital the same doctor told him that if they did not do the operation then he will go blind for ever. The man begged the doctors to help him but they did not pay attention. He felt really sad because he did not have that much money and he could not work if he became blind. He went out side the city on an old bridge that was made of the stones outside the city.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He cried, looked up and said,\uc0{\u8221} God my illness does not have a cure without money and from such a miserable life I prefer to die. For a life time I prayed for you and I thought there is a wisdom in all difficulties that I am going through, now I don\uc0{\u8217}t know what is the wisdom behind my eye illness? When it does not have a cure then What\uc0{\u8217}s this sickness for?\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He opened his hands and bent to fell down from the bridge\uc0{\u8217}s wall but his foot slipped and he fell on the ground. He took his hand from the wall to get up suddenly he saw something was shinning in a small hole in front of him as the sun shined over it. He pulled it out and found out a necklace that part of was out from a small black bag where its jewels were shinning in the sun. He looked inside the bag and found out a pair of earrings with some golden rings inside it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He couldn\uc0{\u8217}t not believe it and rubbed his eye thinking as if he is dreaming but it was real then he started crying and said,\uc0{\u8221} God there is no doubt that you have the power to give poverty and you have the power to give wealth to the people. You are the one who give the sickness and the cure for all the illnesses. When one door shuts another open. God! Please forgive me for the mistake that I tried to do and give back the lightness to my eyes.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He came back to his house and unexpectedly, he felt that his eye that was open could see properly without the black sunglass. He rushed to the hospital and told the doctor to check his eye that he sewed it few days ago. They opened it and he could see very well. The doctors could not believe it asking him what he did but he said, \uc0{\u8220}Wonders will never cease. If you ask something from God with all your pure heart, God will give you and there is a wisdom behind everything.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He came out of the hospital, left doctors to think and decided to help others who were in need by the treasure that he found out\uc0{\u8230}}}\par
\sect
}