{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy13\hr20\min28\sec18}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy13\hr20\min28\sec18}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At the end of 2022, my brother started dating a certain girl, believing she was the one because she helped him out during his financial struggles. When they met, he was failing to pay rent in the house that he was staying in. It was really a struggling time for my brother during those days when he had met the girl who acted as a savior.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Shortly after meeting her, in December, he attended a workshop in Salima, part of a survey his girlfriend had connected him to. It was a three day workshop, and he somehow bonded with a man from another organization. One day, after the meetings, they sat in the hotel bar. The man received a call and spoke romantically to some girl. Later, he began telling him about this girl he really liked. When he showed a picture of her, his heart almost stopped. It was his girlfriend, whom he had been dating for about three months. The man had met her a month prior.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 He pretended not to know the girl at all and asked if the man had already had slept with her. The man said yes, about a week ago, and even mentioned the date. He recalled that on that day, his girlfriend had told him she was going to visit her sick friend. He asked the man what his plans were with her. The man replied, \uc0{\u8221}kudya madala,\uc0{\u8221} a Chewa world implying he was just using her for his benefit. He already had a girlfriend but hadn\uc0{\u8217}t told her, making the girl believe he was genuinely interested in her.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 This was how he discovered the man was sleeping with his girlfriend. He befriended the man, who kept him updated on everything. The man continued to meet his girlfriend, and they would sleep together romantically. For nine months, he never told his girlfriend or confronted her while they continued their affair.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They eventually stopped because the man posted his girlfriend on a status. After an argument, the man blocked his girlfriend. The day this happened, his girlfriend called him, saying she was having a bad day and wanted to be with him. She mentioned some issues with her mother, among other things, and came to sleep at his place.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My brother never confronted the girlfriend because his girlfriend came from a very rich family and was a source of his financial improvement. His first car, bought last year, was partially funded by her. She gave him money to buy a plot and invested in his liquor business.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The day he found out, he decided he couldn\uc0{\u8217}t undo what she had done, so he stayed for the benefits. He stopped loving her that same day, and everything with her became about using her. Up until now, he hasn\uc0{\u8217}t confronted her or asked her about it. He stopped talking to the man but knows they no longer meet. Today, he is financially stable and wants to leave his girlfriend. However, a part of him wonders if she will let it go easily, considering she has invested over ten million kwacha of her parents money in my brother.}}\par
\sect
}