{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo07\dy03\hr17\min29\sec28}{\revtim \yr2024\mo07\dy03\hr17\min29\sec28}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Grandpa, can you tell me a story before I go to sleep?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8211} No, I feel tired after a long day at work\uc0{\u8230} But if you promise to light the fire, I can tell you just one story. I lit a fire and my grandfather and I gathered around it. Grandfather cleared his throat.\uc0{\u8221} One story that remains in my heart is that of Ndindi and her son, Mabwa. Are you ready to hear the story?\uc0{\u8221} \uc0{\u8211} \uc0{\u8220} Yes, I am.\uc0{\u8221} I responded. \uc0{\u8220} Ok, once upon a time there was a family of three people in this village: husband, wife and their first son.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ndindi was a strong woman, although life was not good for her. At first, her husband loved her. He could provide all the necessary basic needs. His wife\uc0{\u8217}s job was to cook, prepare the bed, and bear children. She gave birth to their first son and the challenges began. Often, when the husband came home, he found the child with feces, or the smell of urine or feces. Ndindi\uc0{\u8217}s body smelled sweat and baby urine. The husband advised her to keep herself clean with the child, but she was lazy, she didn\uc0{\u8217}t want to make a change. Her husband decided to run away from both Ndindi and Mabwa when Mwabwa was just a boy. He accused her of being too dirty.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Ndindi dedicated her life to raising Mabwa by herself. She worked hard on her husband\uc0{\u8217}s small farm, harvesting vegetables and selling them in the market to support herself and her son Mabwa. we could feel like a free touch when we meet on the way with Ndindi and greet by shaking hands. But because of her love for her son, she continued to hustle.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Mabwa was an intelligent child, and Ndindi made sure he got an education. She believed that sending Mabwa to school would change their lives. She sacrificed the small profit she earned from selling vegetables to get what Mabwa needed at school. She didn\uc0{\u8217}t buy herself clothes, shoes and mostly they had one meal a day. We villagers, we were impressed by her strength and dedication, even if we saw her getting thinner and thinner every year.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Then Mabwa graduated as a nurse, he got a job in a hospital in town, her mother celebrated too much. Mabwa worked hard at the hospital, when they paid him the first salary, he visited his\uc0{\u160} mother at the village with some suger, salt and cooking oil in his hands. His mother was happy to see her son coming with a big laguedge in his hands. We, the neighbors, expected that Mabwa would now take care of his mother, but what happened next was something that none of us could have thought about,\uc0{\u8221} Grandpa picked up wood,added it to keep the fire burning.\uc0{\u8221} Mabwa fell in love with an uptown girl and married her soon after starting his job. Mabwa loved her so much that whatever she said would happen. Every time Mabwa suggested visiting his mother to the village, his wife,Kabibi would say that it was ruining the family\uc0{\u8217}s wealth, so they stayed. Kabibi started managing the salary of the husband by herself. She started saving some money monthly. When Mabwa thought about longing for his mother and tries to talk to his wife about buying his mother some food and pay her a visit. His wife told him that his mother would handle it as she always did.\uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As the days moved on, Mabwa and his wife bought a house and left the rented house they were living in before. We, the neighbors, saw Ndindi,the old woman, continuing to work in her farm. It broke my heart to see this old woman struggling so much when I thought that Mabwa would help her, but instead, she continued her hard work just to survive.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 One evening, the news quickly spread in the village before it reached Mabwa\uc0{\u8217}s ears that Ndindi had died. We, the neighbors, gathered to mourn her, a mother who had given everything for her son,but was forgotten in her time of need. Mabwa arrived from town and to our surprise, he came with a very expensive coffin that we had never seen in this village. As people stood by her grave, I thought a lot about how the money spent on that expensive coffin and beautiful flowers could ease her suffering in life. \uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u8221}Now you\uc0{\u8217}ve heard the story, I see you\uc0{\u8217}re sleepy, go let your grandma wash your feet so you can sleep.\uc0{\u8221} Grandpa told me.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}