{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy19\hr17\min57\sec56}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy19\hr17\min57\sec56}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I\uc0{\u8217}m a writer who is a so-called \uc0{\u8216}illegal miner\uc0{\u8217}, one of the words used to mock us here in South Africa. As I write this, I have lived in Springs, a \uc0{\u8216}gold town\uc0{\u8217} in South Africa, 56 km east of Johannesburg, the country\uc0{\u8217}s most known city. I see people around me breaking stones to look for gold ore and, as a writer I join them too.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We the so-called \uc0{\u8216}illegal miners in South Africa are also mocked as \uc0{\u8216}illegal immigrants.\uc0{\u8217} Of course, nothing about our life as marginalized people is \uc0{\u8216}illegal\uc0{\u8217}. We are simply \uc0{\u8216}undocumented miners\uc0{\u8217} but of course, we are not \uc0{\u8216}undocumented\uc0{\u8217} because the earth down under our feet where gold and other minerals reside, knows us.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Most people digging for gold ore here in Springs, South Africa are immigrants from neighboring Zimbabwe like me, and Mozambique and Lesotho, countries that do border South Africa. The background of it is when British opportunist, Cecil John Rhodes, discovered the world\uc0{\u8217}s richest gold belt at Witwatersrand in South Africa in the late 1880s, a mad rush of people from all over the world in the last 100 years decamped to South Africa to find gold and fortune. Hence in the last 100 years, South Africa supplied the world\uc0{\u8217}s biggest gold output and of course, you guessed it, white immigrants and white gold companies like De Beers, Goldfield, and Anglo Gold, were the biggest winners in of course a Black country.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now today gold is in decline in South Africa, mines have become deep, and exploration and extraction have become expensive. However, thousands of shuttered abandoned gold mines from the last century still litter South Africa as mountains of decades-old soil which we call \uc0{\u8220}mwotoro\uc0{\u8221} meaning \uc0{\u8220}gold soil heap\uc0{\u8221}.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 These abandoned gold mines have now become sites where poor, \uc0{\u8220}undocumented immigrants\uc0{\u8221} like me break stones with a hammer into the soil and wash the soil with water to extract tiny grams of gold daily. Most gold diggers around me are people with no passports because where they come, Mozambique or Zimbabwe (my country), passports are expensive, and getting one doesn\uc0{\u8217}t better our lives. After all, here in South Africa, we are not welcome because we are called names like \uc0{\u8220}illegal immigrant\uc0{\u8221}, and \uc0{\u8220}illegal gold miner.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The world of a so-called \uc0{\u8220}illegal miner\uc0{\u8221} involves climbing under a rock, 1km down into a hole that leads to the depth of a dark abandoned gold mine. I have made these climbs nearly 100 times in the last 5 years. Only a torch fixed to my helmet shines the way, while in a sack I carry a pick, hammer, and dishes. The climb down into a disused mine shaft can consume 4 hours of walking, and crawling under the thinnest rock passages, where sharp edges and unstable rocks that the licensed mines dynamited 20 years ago and abandoned. If my back or helmet disturbs those rocks and the tumble, my body would be lucky to be retrieved. We finally reach a site where we try to hammer greenish-looking rock (a sign of gold ore) and retrieve it into dishes. This process takes up to a week underground in places where the air is sweet with chemicals odors that formal mines left decades ago. Every evening we crush the day\uc0{\u8217}s rock haul and wash on metal and sack hoping to separate the tiny gold ore from useless rock. It\uc0{\u8217}s backbreaking work and sometimes, a week of working 1 kilometer down a disused mine can bring just 1 gram of gold or nothing. Our food under the earth for a week usually consists of cheap carbonated drinks, fish in tins, and bread. Carbonated soft drinks are our way of avoiding the water from streams under the disused mines because it is usually poisoned by chemical giant mining corporations of the last 100 years used to extract gold. At night around 11 pm (there is no day-night visual marker 1km under the earth because it\uc0{\u8217}s pitch black dark all day), we retire to sleep, on bare rocks, one guarding their tiny grams of gold ore to their chest, in case robbers raid at night. This is when I take my cellphone and go to the notes section and type what I see and try to fashion a diary of my life as a so-called \uc0{\u8220}illegal miner\uc0{\u8221}, hoping that in case I die underground and my body cannot be retrieved from dangerous rock cleaves, at least my tiny cellphone and its diary could be delivered to my two children in honor of my memory.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I went to school in Zimbabwe and reached the Cambridge Ordinary Level high school certificate. I could not go further because family poverty means we became teenagers quite early. I remember being good at History subjects. With options limited in Zimbabwe, I crossed the border into South Africa here where I and thousands of others find ourselves as unregistered miners, what the corporate newspapers and anti-immigrant politicians enjoy calling \uc0{\u8220}illegal miners.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 We are accused of all sorts of things, violence, robberies, and bleeding South Africa\uc0{\u8217}s economy. But we are not that. We are not criminals and we reject crime. We are just peaceful people, scrapping for gold ore in sites long abandoned by Western mining corporations places that the South African government failed to seal or rehabilitate.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Now that I have written to you about how we dig and hammer for tiny scraps of gold ore undermines, I will end by writing to you about how we climb out of the abandoned mines a week after toiling underground. Coming out with the gold gore is probably the riskiest of the journey. Along the way, one has to try to avoid gangs of robbers that demand a share of the gold ore or a flat fee of ZAR 1000 ($6). These gangs are not to be messed with, and people like us simply accede to their demands so that we pass through. If we carry nothing of value they can strip away our cell phones. For me, that\uc0{\u8217}s painful because as a miner-writer, the cellphone is the most important tool I use to document the most precarious moments of my life, which is digging for dirty gold ore under the earth, under the specter of death.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 From my cellphone notes typing section, dear world, meet me for the first time.}}\par
\sect
}