{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo08\dy13\hr18\min19\sec13}{\revtim \yr2022\mo08\dy13\hr18\min19\sec13}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {\cf0\f0 Color. A Fairy Tale.There is no wolf in this fairy tale. But there is a child and two dogs. A child, two dogs and a woman alone to support them. The woman had a small shop selling only needles and thread. One day she decided to color her own silk threads. She practiced in her kitchen at home working all night as her children slept. By day she worked in the shop. Now she makes new coors in a studio above a bigger shop. Six metal pots steam on the stove. Shops all across the country order her hand colored silken threads. Her shop sits next to the river.The freshwater marsh at the saltwater\uc0{\u8217}s shore wears February\uc0{\u8217}s subtle colors of brown and gold, marsh wrens flit, and bald eagles sit on every tree and post. The snow geese rise and fall over fields like sheets shaken in the wind, shimmering fabric undulating all morning. Tundra swans fly past, two by two, elegant necks extended, bending slightly with the movement of wings. The woman who colors silk has to invent new tones of brown, a shade named Wonder.\uc0{\u160}The broadest rainbow, wide as half a horizon, rises between the estuary and the shop.One day the silk dyer met a woman who had taught herself how to paint beautiful needlepoint canvases. Inviting designs to fill in with colorful stitches. The woman who makes them lives with two children by the sea on an island far to the north. Years ago, when her children were tiny, her husband kissed her goodbye in the morning and headed off to work as he did every day, his pay sustaining the little family. This time he never came home. Collision.\uc0{\u160}The painter cried for days and days, weeks even, months. Her mother, seeing her daughter\uc0{\u8217}s despair, had an idea. She brought her daughter a needlepoint canvas, and said, perhaps you could make these. The painter did just that, and taught herself how to market her creations.\uc0{\u160}The painter taught herself.\uc0{\u160}The dyer taught herself.The studio is filled with light and color. The angle between the dyer and the painter raises the vibration, so that whole room hovers a little above 9th Avenue and Estuary.Goldenrod, amber, flax, triple-cream brie, fire, ochre, umber, sand, chocolate, chestnut, seagrass. Red, orange, green, blue, indigo, violet streaming from a crystal pyramid changing window glass into magic.\uc0{\u160}In the fairy tale, the painter\uc0{\u8217}s husband would have been a knight who died in battle. Her mother would be the queen. The dyer would live in a tower, whose only way out is to climb a ladder made of silken rainbow. The rungs red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo and violet\uc0{\u8211} the colors of imagination.\uc0{\u160}Imagination can be a ladder or a woman. Imagination can live in a chair or a desk, it can even live in a soup pot.\uc0{\u160} Sometimes imagination walks right through a looking glass and emerges trailing sheets of indigo, an extravagant gown the color of water, like Marlene Dietrich running through the woods in some old film, flowing sleeves, fabric ripple falling all across Imagination so she can shimmer into view, the dyer and the painter can see her and believe, yes, there she is. She is there even when the dyer and the painter cannot see her.\uc0{\u160}In this fairy tale, nobody\uc0{\u8217}s daughter gets married off.\uc0{\u160} Instead, the dyer and the painter walk from the marsh to workshop crossing the light filled room. Their clothing shimmers like snow geese rising and falling over an open field. All the colors blended in light. In this fairy tale, the painter and the dyer gather all the riches of the kingdom and shine.\uc0{\u160}}\par
\sect
}