{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo06\dy22\hr17\min56\sec08}{\revtim \yr2024\mo06\dy22\hr17\min56\sec08}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 As women, from a young age, everything we hear, see, or learn is somehow related to getting married as if we have no identity or purpose of our own, but to get married and fulfill our husbands\uc0{\u8217} desires. Our mothers teach us to cook, not to make delicious foods for ourselves but because a way to a man\uc0{\u8217}s heart is through his stomach. We learn to obey, satisfy, and dedicate ourselves and our lives to our future husbands. This isn\uc0{\u8217}t an overnight process. It starts from a young age, we never learn to be independent, to be ourselves instead we are trained to be a wife, and a mother, with no needs and wishes of our own. In their minds, we don\uc0{\u8217}t even own our bodies. Our families tie their honor to our bodies with only one mission and purpose in mind: keeping us pure and chaste for future husbands to satisfy their fantasy of conquering and owning another human being.It hurt when women, even girls my age, accepted their duty as solely raising children and serving their husbands. I was called foolish for studying hard when, ultimately, my husband wouldn\uc0{\u8217}t allow me to work.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Before I was eighteen, most of my friends and classmates got married. I still remember the days that I went to school and found a new empty chair that used to be a classmate\uc0{\u8217}s seat. It broke my heart every single time.\uc0{\u160} Those empty chairs constantly reminded me of my friend\uc0{\u8217}s unfulfilled dreams and wishes.I still haven\uc0{\u8217}t forgotten them, (you can write the names of some of your friends who married). I can\uc0{\u8217}t even imagine what they went through. I see child marriage as a gradual death, a never-ending nightmare. Even the thought of a girl going through that horrifies me. A girl\uc0{\u8217}s days shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t be spent doing house chores and childcare. It should be spent playing with her friends and learning in school. A girl shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t become the caregiver of a family, she should be cared for by her parents. She shouldn\uc0{\u8217}t be in a house where a man abuses her in the name of marriage, law, and religion. She should be somewhere safe, dreaming big, not surrounded by shattered dreams and adult responsibilities that kill her every single day.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A bitter memory keeps coming to my mind. We were in the middle of a house party once when I saw a girl come in. I knew her, she was a bright and joyful girl, but that day she looked so different. She looked so fragile that I remember I thought she might pass out any second. I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t believe that someone this pale and thin could survive.As I was feeling sad for the girl, thinking she might be sick, I heard other guests congratulating her family. It turned out her family had recently married her to her cousin.\uc0{\u8220}They have been promised to each other from birth, so we decided that it\uc0{\u8217}s the time for them to start their life,\uc0{\u8221} her mother said proudly.The sound of congratulations hit me hard like a sledgehammer as I stared at the young girl, thinking she was barely fifteen.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In Iran, where marriage laws are based on Islamic Sharia, adult women face legalized marital rape and violence. I can\uc0{\u8217}t even imagine what happens to girls who are victims of child marriage. The thought of it breaks my heart into pieces.Tolerating the world where women always must sacrifice their dreams to survive was killing me.I always retreat to an imaginary and captivating world in my mind. There is no other choiceI must sweeten the bitterness of reality with the sweetness of my imagination.That is why I took refuge in a fantasy world. Seeking sanctuary in dreams and imagination was a temporary solution, but my only option. I pictured a world where I was free, making decisions for myself. No one dictated what clothes I wore or how I styled my hair. The light breeze through my hair in that imaginary world felt exhilarating.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 And sometimes I would take my daydreaming to the extreme. I imagined myself as a white dove, soaring in the blue sky with captivating clouds. I spread my wings and fly, landing on a branch of a tall, sturdy tree. From up here, everything looks so peaceful. Everything is so beautiful. I am a bird, and how serene it is.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Free from all slavery, at peace with the entire world.In my colorful world, women are happy and powerful. What a wonderful world!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A world where you are free.You will be treated like a human being. No one forces you to be a wife or mother when you don\uc0{\u8217}t want it. Holiness, shame, chastity, maidenhood and virginity none of them will define your value. There are no such creepy words at all.You can achieve all the things that you have longed for. You will be able to ride a bike in summer without being attacked. You can sing, You can laugh and wear all the gorgeous dresses you always dreamed of.My mom called me, so it is time to go back to reality. I would put on my headscarf and go help her, while my brother watched TV, too busy to contribute.It is so silly, but men think women are created to serve them. This is not true but the reality of most of women\uc0{\u8217}s lives. None of this nonsense could stop me. I wanted to define my own new and desirable role to untie the heavy chains of tradition and patriarchal cultureTo be a rebellious and independent person who owes nothing to anybody just because of being a woman. But there was always a fear that permeated my entire being. Can I stand alone against this ruthless patriarchal world, a world that tries its hardest to destroy my dreams? Living in this terrifying world was never easy. Sometimes, I can\uc0{\u8217}t believe how I managed to survive.}}\par
\sect
}