{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2022\mo10\dy11\hr14\min46\sec30}{\revtim \yr2022\mo10\dy11\hr14\min46\sec30}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the crowded subway, I was staring at a young girl who was smiling and taking pictures in front of her brother\uc0{\u8217}s camera.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A woman\uc0{\u8217}s voice in the subway announced the arrival of the Haqqani station, and a flood of people poured out of the train along with the girl and her brother. I followed them and the fresh evening breeze of one of the last days of summer, outside the metro station, caressed a drop of tears on my face.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The youth and beauty of the girl\uc0{\u8217}s smile did not leave my eyes! Her eyes were everywhere! In front of my tearful eyes, she was walking next to her brother and laughing. In her smile, there was a world of life, a world of hope, and in my eyes, a world of regret, a world of hatred for hands that do nothing, a world of anger at the cruelty of fate and destiny!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The voice of the young girl\uc0{\u8217}s brother brought me to my senses, he was holding his sister\uc0{\u8217}s hand and saying: \uc0{\u8220}I beg you, don\uc0{\u8217}t take her, we are strangers here.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The black-clad woman of the morality police with a face full of hatred and prejudice shouted: \uc0{\u8220}Let go of her hand. Come to Vozara Street after her! Let go, I say.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 They pushed the young girl into the panic van and stole her. They stole the poor girl from her brother in broad daylight and took her away!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 her brother hurriedly boarded a taxi and went to the address they had given him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Vozara Street, Morality Police. Women who do not observe their hijab as \uc0{\u8221}they\uc0{\u8221} wanted were stolen from the city and taken there.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My grandmother always talked about Vozara Street as a nightmare. She said that you couldn\uc0{\u8217}t be a woman and the name of this house of horror does not fill your heart with fear! Even I, who had never seen there, was afraid of it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 All the way I was going in the taxi behind the young girl\uc0{\u8217}s brother towards Vozara Street, I was thinking to myself, how do the stolen women feel now? What has happened to their souls? How scared are they? How many of them have cried? How many of them are afraid to call their families? How many of them say to themselves: If my father finds out that the police have taken me, he will kill me?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The driver said in a tired voice: \uc0{\u8221}Ma\uc0{\u8217}am, won\uc0{\u8217}t you get off?\uc0{\u8221} we arrived! This is Vozara street!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Confused, I calculated the taxi fare and got out of the car. The young girl\uc0{\u8217}s brother had arrived before me. Fear, anger and anxiety erupted from his eyes. I stood at a distance from the crowd and stared at the door of the house of fear with tearless eyes. The door opened and the ambulance left our building!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I sat on the ground, my legs could not bear the weight of my heart, which was heavy with grief.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The whole world was blurry behind my wet eyes. The little girl\uc0{\u8217}s brother asked the guard: \uc0{\u8221}Why an ambulance?\uc0{\u8221} Is anyone hurt? The guard, who was clearly hiding something, answered under his breath: \uc0{\u8221}One of the soldiers is wounded!\uc0{\u8221} A few seconds later, one of the girls who was stolen by the moral police came out and said to the girl\uc0{\u8217}s brother, \uc0{\u8221}The one who was in the ambulance was your sister, they hit her on the head several times, they took her to Kasra hospital!\uc0{\u8221} The girl\uc0{\u8217}s brother was looking at the girl in a daze. A few moments later, as if he was able to understand what happened, he took a taxi to the hospital in a panic.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I could not follow him.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I sat on the floor and hugged my legs and cried and cried. I don\uc0{\u8217}t know how many hours had passed, but when I looked around, the sky was as black as the girl\uc0{\u8217}s hair and my face was still wet. My only happiness was that for once I could see her smile out of the picture! I touched my watch monitor and entered the date.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Three days later: today is his funeral. She doesn\uc0{\u8217}t laugh, her eyes, which were full of hope and desire, don\uc0{\u8217}t open anymore! The last thing the world saw was a picture of her with ear bleeding in the hospital! She was killed for wearing clothes that \uc0{\u8221}they\uc0{\u8221} didn\uc0{\u8217}t like. They killed her because of hijab.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 In the funeral ceremony, everyone has a flame in their hearts, killing the oppressed girl innocently. Killing because of hijab. There was an uproar in everyone\uc0{\u8217}s heart. There was anger, there was shouting, the fire under the ashes was burning. They still did not know that this anger is going to target the root of the oppression of the cruelest government these days. They don\uc0{\u8217}t know that closing the eyes of this girl is going to open their eyes after years!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 had to do my mission. I took the red paint and wrote on her little tombstone, \uc0{\u8221}Gina, you will not die! Your name will be a sign.\uc0{\u8221}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I wiped my tears, entered the date 2122 in my watch and went back to the time when Mahsa Amini became the hero of Iranian stories. To the present time!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\sect
}