{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo03\dy18\hr17\min03\sec28}{\revtim \yr2024\mo03\dy18\hr17\min03\sec28}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You were the light }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Like the submarine in search of the titanic wreckage, I was lost.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Going through raging waters of confused emotions.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The more I sank, the more the mounting pressures made an implosion imminent.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Though I harboured riches and wisdom, I had misplaced priorities.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I lost the signal and my broken heart sprinkled with shattered pieces.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I thought I had it all figured out.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Little did I know it was all rotten wood and torn sails.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The Westerlies tried to push me towards the east so I could see the sun.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But Alas, the wind only rustled through the torn fibres of the once intact canvas.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 No matter how I tried, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t see the exit from the gorge.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I became a sinking ship, ravaged beyond character.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Destined for demise as the bottom waited to receive the weight.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Initially I could see the rays of light as I went down.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 But slowly it was replaced with cold and scary creatures I had never hoped to come across.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I cried for you though I didn\uc0{\u8217}t know you yet.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I thought it was the nitrogen that gave the narcotic feeling.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Or was I being delusional as I went down to meet my fate?}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The amber tint, imparted by the setting sun}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The smooth ripples, maintained by the gentle}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 breeze that gives life to the calm waters.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I met you and I knew it was you.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 I\uc0{\u8217}m grateful to be afloat}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 My anchor sits on the ocean floor such that should the storm return, stability is guaranteed.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You were the light that blinded me}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The anchor I tie to my brain }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Because when it feels like I\uc0{\u8217}m lost at sea}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 You are my lighthouse.}}\par
\sect
}