{\rtf1
\ansi\ansicpg1252
\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl;}
{\*\generator PHPWord;}

{\info{\title }{\subject }{\category }{\keywords }{\comment }{\author }{\operator }{\creatim \yr2024\mo08\dy21\hr23\min33\sec53}{\revtim \yr2024\mo08\dy21\hr23\min33\sec53}{\company }{\manager }}
\deftab720\viewkind1\uc1\pard\nowidctlpar\lang1036\kerning1\fs20
\sectd \pgwsxn11906\pghsxn16838 \margtsxn1440\margrsxn1440\margbsxn1440\marglsxn1440\headery720\footery720\guttersxn0 
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 \uc0{\u160}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Zambezi Beer and Blackouts by Michael F.T Magwarada }}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It was a moment of madness. The grandiose that was supposed to be established so as to deliver the desirables of the populace had collapsed. The kleptomania had taken over, a situation where the most productive did not matter rather the spirit of comradeship reigned supreme. A situation of whom do you know? Or else we cannot accommodate you! Sad; could not be diction enough to describe the dire and tormenting circumstances in which people endured for so long. The majority of leaders in African countries have been typical of betraying the ideology of the struggle, they deliver nothing except feeding their obese bellies. One would wonder and question the absence of democracy and human rights after independence. Is it not what they were fighting for during the liberation struggle? To add on, the current status quo of the majority of Africans living under poverty and normalizing the abnormal is disturbing. Is this the same predicament elsewhere beyond the continent? It has been greatly appreciated and understood by many that poverty is everywhere, however the type of poverty in Zimbabwe and Africa at large is no longer poverty: this is suffering! Even those that religiously fast for example the Christian Lent, Islamic Ramadan, Jewish Yom Kippur and Hinduism Navrati just to mention a few can all testify to the difference.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Blame games have been established by masters of deception. Some blame the African dingy status quo grounding their arguments on African theatrics. They say spirituality plays a pivotal role in defining our future opportunities and wealth. Of course they have been known incidents whereby people migrated as a result of religious persecution. For example, Protestant Reformation refugees: Protestants fled Catholic majority countries like Spain, Italy and France during the 16th-18th centuries, seeking refuge in England, Netherlands and America. Ahmadiyya Muslim migration: Ahmadi Muslims fled Pakistan and other countries due to persecution and blasphemy laws, seeking refuge in countries like the UK and USA. Others turn to the environment considering that normally people search for greener pastures due to political conflict (war), the economic setup (lack of employment opportunities and rising cost of living), and social apparatus (poor living conditions and poverty). The latter proves to be practical and evident in most cases especially considering the great debate of secularization which has haunted people\uc0{\u8217}s beliefs in the 21st century. Of course, religious dogma cannot be erased, as Karl Max pinpointed that it is the opium of the masses, thus its weight and impact has internal madness traits manifested externally. Well, maybe the spiritual dimensions are not for the ordinary, it is the religious dogma which creates denominations that probably lead people astray.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Harare as the capital city of Zimbabwe was known to be busy but unproductive, people moving back and forth busy as bees, the environment itself gloomy as the sad faces depicted a different story. The majority of youth seemed to be half drunk, others worse probably because they were engaged in shady deals as jobs, some as vendors and others just moving around. Dear reader, the youth being referred to range from age seventeen to forty. Those beyond forty looked like rural folks who had embarked on urban migration in search of greener pastures.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Just after the Central Business District (CBD) in Harare, there was a bar and grill without a name on it, uniquely cheaper than any other to be located up town close to the five star Hotel known to host tourists and international guests due to its lucrative hospitality. The bar and grill mainly consisted of clients coming from government offices, those with direct public and private connections to the government and of course the international guests themselves. Changamire, Takaedza, and Nhamoinesu embarked on their unusual outing of drinking every day. The trio had many interests at the bar such as meeting with people who could possibly help them with better opportunities. Above all, there was cheap beer: $2USD for 3 pints of Castle Lager. It was foreign for them to drink other beers considering they were too expensive for their pockets were dry.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Changamire boasted and displayed great history and political acumen. He was astute and knew the dictums of the grand scheme of things which affected most African countries and the world at large. His demeanor and countenance resembled that of a prophet, it was beyond reasonable doubt a calling for him. Takaedza too had better prospects and his footprints were felt everywhere whenever he spoke. He was simply typical of independent folks who are blessed with all great ideas that can improve people\uc0{\u8217}s lives and his in particular if practically implemented. These particular traits and abilities united Changamire and Takaedza as they formed a formidable pact that could withstand any force meant to break optimism. As for Nhamoinesu, the shared everyday struggles of living in dire circumstances and trying to find solace by seeking validation from others made him the third counterpart. Nhamoinesu did not have any particular skill that could be capitalized for sustainability purposes. It is sad when one bases his future only from the qualifications attained from years of learning, to make use of them for employment purposes only under someone who bosses them around for no apparent reason. When they are old, they are paid a lump sum as a sorry gesture for the unfair court trial they have been subjected to and enduring for twenty plus years. The jury simply decide that they are now free and moves on to the next victim. Education has been advocated as a pinnacle which should bring social transformation. He was sympathetically accommodated since in combat even a worn out soldier is not left behind. Two is company, three is crowd!}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 At least Nhamoinesu had a job despite the fact that the meagre earnings did not suffice the expenses of reasonably affording the basic needs: shelter, food and clothing. Worse still having a wife and a three months old child made him drown in melancholy. Takedza too had a wife and two children, better that his spouse had a good job which cushioned and covered the poverty stricken circumstances which he could have drowned in anytime. It was simply sad for him that his masculinity had been stripped off, it was pure vasectomy that had taken place, without any doubt he had to bow down to Queen Sheba otherwise he would have gone back to the poverty stricken high density surburb he grew up in. Changamire had defied societal order by any means necessary. He had refused to marry until his economic situation had improved. This gave him a free bird advantage, he could soar in any place and could wake up in any place if need be.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The trio had dreams, they all wanted to add value in a society marred by gerontocracy and nepotism. They had attained higher education in their respective fields of study. Thus their conversations were always characterized by finding solutions for opportunities to incur. They had knocked at every government office, tried international jobs but with no experience it was a far-fetched idea of getting employed. On this particular day, Takaedza came with a fair amount to buy alcohol which ended up making them drunk. The money came from his agriculture entrepreneurial pursuits under the banner of \uc0{\u8216}climate change\uc0{\u8217} which attracted local and international donors seasonally. This made him buy enough Zambezi booze for everyone. These guys would prefer drinking alcohol the whole night like they was no tomorrow and even go to an extent of inopportunely spending the small amounts attained through sweat organizing the Jeffrey Epstein files.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 It all started when Nhamoinesu proposed to open up more networks (links as they preferred to call them) with someone who could possibly make them recruited to work for the government. This angered Takedza as he voiced, \uc0{\u8216}you lousy lazy scoundrel. For God\uc0{\u8217}s sake no one is coming to save you. How many times should I tell you to start your own business? Grow up and man up!.\uc0{\u8217} Nhamoinesu replied, \uc0{\u8216}but where will I get the capital? How am I even going to operate my own company without proper links so that my business has a name and is protected by the system?\uc0{\u8217} It had become a norm that everyone believed one was supposed to be directly linked to the government or ruling party for business to thrive. This would make you avert tax clearances, licensing of the business whenever it was at the edge of being closed. Changamire reiterated, \uc0{\u8216}in this digital era one can operate online and still make a fortune. We have consulted these links before, bought booze for them numerous times with the hope that we get jobs. We are not even sure if they submitted our papers. It has been ages since we gave them our papers but we have not received a ring yet.\uc0{\u8217} This was such a troubling moment to the already poor trio, age itself was taking toll on them. \uc0{\u8216}Perhaps we have to consult a }{\cf0\f0\i sangoma}{\cf0\f0 . He might help, considering that our situation appears as if we have been bewitched. Otherwise some of our peers are now remarkably successful\uc0{\u8217} noted Nhamoinesu. He even listed his own record of those that he knew and added emphasis of them consulting a witch doctor. Takedza believed hard work and consistency would yield results someday. He noted, \uc0{\u8216}trust me, I have been there. Witch doctors just like church prophets and magicians who practice necromancy are there to simply give you hope. Consistency is key and we all have the power to change our destiny. It is within, find motivation and you will seek your purpose in life which will define your destiny.\uc0{\u8217} This sounded like some philosophical lesson despite the sense it carried. It had become the popular belief among youth to live a superstitious life where any form of opportunity negation would be considered to have a spiritual cause.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 A moment of silence followed whenever such deep flashes were shared to reveal truthful cheat codes of life which many would have not been ready to listen to. Changamire even added that, \uc0{\u8216}I am now focusing on myself more and this is the last time drinking with you guys. I am either going to work for the system or international organisations meant to bring change for the lives of the majority. I know one way or the other I will be hired.\uc0{\u8217} Everyone started laughing, Changamire had a way to lighten up the mood by focusing on his own abilities and skills as he believed every individual had a unique path to follow. They laughed more towards the drinking part as this was not the first time they declared to have all stopped. They all agreed it was better to take a break for a while on the booze or slow down rather than completely doing without it.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 These pauses and stops were necessary to meditate and reflect on the undesirable living conditions they endured. It was simple evidence that they had not lost touch with the reality which ushered a dark cloud over their heads. Focus is always key for success to eventually prevail during hard times. However, Changamire and Takedza were becoming more of existing Muppets as alcohol consumption resulted in teetering their progress. Such torment caused by the annihilation of the Zimbabwean economy which robbed the possible opportunities for the youth left them with mental breakdowns.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 To make matters worse, the brain drain was inevitable and this left the mafia oligarchs and brainwashed system apparatus to take charge of the populace. Apparently, Takaedza had benefited from some exchange program conducted in the USA. He reiterated the possibility of opportunities within the region especially South Africa and Botswana which happened to have high human development indexes and overseas developed countries where one could choose a relocation destination according to the field of expertise. \uc0{\u8216}USA is a country full of opportunities. We can apply for these exchange programs and even international organization jobs. I have noticed that with the advent of technology one can even work remotely while being paid a decent wage,\uc0{\u8217} Takaedza noted. Changamire unequivocally added that, \uc0{\u8216}Yes, I couldn\uc0{\u8217}t agree more. I have applied for a scholarship once and got admitted although without funding. I believe the world is full of possibilities. Just like our forefathers, they migrated all over Africa spearheaded especially during the Bantu migration. I am personally not originally from Zimbabwe.\uc0{\u8217} He even added, \uc0{\u8216}During the Federation of Rhodesia and Nyasaland which is today\uc0{\u8217}s Zimbabwe, Zambia and Malawi; most people migrated and now they permanently stay here in Zimbabwe. It\uc0{\u8217}s only that xenophobic attacks have been a serious issue especially in South Africa. But, it is possible to relocate.\uc0{\u8217} The two led the exchange of ideas beyond reasonable doubt productively positively supporting migration as the only choice to be a benefactor of their yearning for success. Nhamoinesu closely listened as he did not have much to say save for his conservative approach. Patriotism if left unchecked disastrously result in the highest form of docility hindering the light to see the proclivities one deserve in life. He quickly left and joined the men looking like dinosaurs in suits at the snooker table. Afterwards, the alcohol was slowly taking over him and he shelved himself in a dusty couch which was uncared for.}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 Changamire and Takaedza were intimately, passionately and emotionally engaging with the everyday struggles faced by youth in Zimbabwe to an extent that for a moment they felt it was necessary to let out what was in their chest publicly. They reached this conclusion in consideration of the million Zimbabweans who were facing the same dilemma reluctantly triggered by selfish politicians and ignorant intellectuals. Men of cloth had also betrayed the struggle. Takaedza recalled, \uc0{\u8216}Do you remember that during the 2018 harmonised elections in Zimbabwe the so called Ministerial Church Prophets all predicted a win for the current president?.\uc0{\u8217} Changamire replied, \uc0{\u8216}Yes, I can attest to that. Even the Apostolic church prophets endorsed the current president. Only the famous Malawian Prophet was in contradiction arguing that the opposition leader will win.\uc0{\u8217} It was a sorry situation on how religious hypocrisy was misleading people. Zimbabwe had been introduced to the Christian faith during the European scramble and partition of Africa and it was not immune to the wave of religious doctrine impartation that wiped its society dividing its people. Whenever, a religious leader echoed political sentiments the whole congregation would blindly follow. It was like a pandemic that could be spread through contact, physically or the spiritual impartation had earth-scotched characteristics of terminating one\uc0{\u8217}s rational capacity. Takaedza laughed at the scandals which the prophets had all been found in, \uc0{\u8216}I recall one prophet who scammed people through his miracle money and was involved in a UK-based Ponzi scheme.\uc0{\u8217} Changamire snickered, \uc0{\u8216}The other prophet was even accused of raping and impregnating a female congregant. He even started selling fake anointing oil and above all he was criticized for his involvement in a HIV/AIDS cure.\uc0{\u8217}}}\par
\pard\nowidctlpar {{\cf0\f0 The two continued to share the bitter-sweet moments at the same time chortling towards the ignorance of a society, perhaps the populace would question the whole foundation of the old order when need arose. To make matters worse, churches were exempted from paying any form of tax unless they engaged in business activities. This was rumored to have encouraged corruption and stealing of public funds as politicians accompanied by anyone with a hand in the government coffers embezzled funds and cleaned them in churches. They continued to order more and more Zambezi beer as if they were engaging in some meditations meant to connect them with the celestial beings or supernatural being in a bid to find opportunity solutions. Ecstatic levels were stumbled upon and met with resistance summoned by the denial of the unbearable situation which they met every day. It was only when the mind had overworked to an extent of weaning its existence from the body that the duo became mute.}}\par
\sect
}